How do I submit a data privacy request to Starbucks?
Published Sep 14, 2022
After reviewing the Starbucks Privacy Statement, you may submit a data privacy request to
Starbucks. To submit your request, click 'form' at the bottom of the Privacy Policy webpage, or by
clicking here.
After you successfully submit your request, please allow up to 45 days for a member of the
Starbucks Privacy Team to contact you by email.
Where can I find out about internship opportunities?
Published Aug 29, 2022
All available internships will be listed on our Career Center site and will have “Intern” in the job title.
Internship opportunities are usually posted in late spring.
Bring your ideas, work with the best
Our Starbucks interns collaborate directly with leaders, have access to career-elevating
seminars and enjoy curated local experiences. This immersive internship program
includes opportunities at our Starbucks Support Center and Starbucks Technology
Center, with varying openings and needs across multiple departments. We work with
colleges and universities nationwide to find great talent like you. Please join our
distribution list to learn more.
Apply now
Starbucks Support Center
Our Starbucks Support Center internships offer students opportunities to influence
business performance and build expertise while living an incredible summer in Seattle,
Washington. Undergraduate and graduate openings vary each year and may include
Finance, Supply Chain, Technology and more.
Applications are posted as early as fall for internships during the following summer. The
best way to be informed of new applications is to sign up for the distribution list linked
above.
Starbucks Technology Center
Located in Scottsdale, Arizona, the Starbucks Technology Center accelerates our
technology roadmap to enhance our business value delivered. Leading through Digital,
Information Security and Data Services initiatives, the Starbucks Technology Center
connects rising Technology students to exciting career opportunities.
Internships at the Starbucks Technology Center are held year-round with applications
posted in the Fall and Spring for both undergraduate and graduate students.
EMPLOYEE SPOTLIGHT
Contribute to shared success
“Starbucks has truly provided me with an experience like no other. As an intern, not only
did I get to work on meaningful tasks and collaborate with partners from all factions of
the business, I also got to experience the rich culture at Starbucks. The feeling I get
when working at Starbucks is the same one I get when entering my local Starbucks
Store – one of warmth, encouragement, and belonging, which ultimately fueled my
decision to continue working as a Starbucks Partner after graduating.”
Mora, Starbucks Technology
INTERN EXPERIENCE
Professional Development
Enhance your skills through meaningful projects.
Intern Events
Live the Starbucks Experience and explore the city.
Networking
Expand your group of professional connections.
Partner Perks
Enjoy free products and in-store discounts.
ACCESSIBILITY SUPPORT
Starbucks Corporation is committed to offering reasonable accommodation to job
applicants with disabilities. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to
disability, please contact us at applicantaccommodation@starbucks.com.
FOLLOW US TO FIND JOBS
Instagram
LinkedIn
Facebook
YouTube
STARBUCKS IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
EMPLOYER
All partners and applicants will be treated fairly, without regard to race, color, religion,
sex, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, marital status,
military or veteran status, gender identity and expression, genetic information, or any
other factor protected by law.
See More:
Know Your Rights: Workplace Discrimination is Illegal
Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision (PDF)
About Us
Careers
Social Impact
For Business Partners
Order and Pick Up
Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
Do Not Share My Personal Information
CA Supply Chain Act
Cookie Preferences
© 2023 Starbucks Coffee Company. All rights
What do I do if I forgot my Career Center password?
Published Aug 29, 2022
Click “Forgot Password” on the login screen and we’ll email you the instructions.
I have a Grey Bodum Recycled Coffee Press that was
recalled, what do I do?
Published Aug 24, 2023
Please call the our Customer Service team at 1-800-STARBUC (782-7282).
For additional information, please visit
https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2019/Starbucks-Recalls-Bodum-Recycled-Coffee-Presses-Due-to-Lac
eration-Hazard.
Will Starbucks still be in compliance with ADA requirements by
getting rid of straws?
Published Sep 27, 2022
Starbucks is still exploring options for the full transition into the hot beverage market for those that
truly need straws, and we do understand the challenges that a paper of compostable straw may
cause. As we convert our straws from plastic to alternative materials, we intend to focus on an
inclusive design to ensure all customers will be able to enjoy their favorite Starbucks® beverages.
Also, the new straw options will also be available by request for customers who prefer or need a
straw - for any drink.
arrow_back
Back
At-a-Glance: Our Response to COVID-19
As the global pandemic stretches into a third year, Starbucks remains
committed to doing our part to contain the spread of COVID-19 and to protect
the well-being of our customers and partners (employees) in every community
we serve.
Our three guiding principles
① Prioritizing the health and well-being of our partners and customers
② Playing a constructive role in supporting health and government officials as
they work to mitigate the spread of this virus
③ Showing up in a positive and responsible way to
Are baristas required to get the COVID-19 vaccine in order to
work in a store?
Published Aug 29, 2023
We encourage all partners to get vaccinated to protect themselves and their communities, and have
contingency plans in place for those who are exposed or test positive for COVID-19.
You can keep updated on the latest actions Starbucks is taking to prevent the spread of the virus at
Starbucks Stories & News.
What we're doing for our partners
We encourage all partners to get vaccinated to protect themselves and
their communities, and have contingency plans in place for those who
are exposed or test positive for COVID-19. Starbucks partners can
access comprehensive benefits information here.
Make a vaccine plan:
● Up to two hours of paid time off for partners to receive the
vaccine, up to three doses.
● Up to 4 hours of paid time off if partners experience
vaccine-related side effects and miss a scheduled shift within 48
hours of receiving the COVID-19 vaccine or booster shot.
Self-isolation pay:
● Self-isolation pay for partners diagnosed with COVID-19.
Partners exposed to COVID-19 will also receive self-isolation pay
through April 4, 2022.
● Up to two rounds of isolation per quarter.
Hardship grants:
● Expedited Starbucks Cup Fund grants for partners experiencing
financial hardships due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Store Closure Support:
● Transferring partners impacted by closed or modified hours to
other stores.
● Pay to partners unable to work due to precautionary store
closure.
Mental health:
● Free access to the Headspace app for mindfulness and
meditation.
● Up to 20 free sessions a year with a certified counselor or coach
through Lyra Health.
Childcare:
● Expanding the Care@Work program to provide support for
partners needing childcare options.
For more detailed information, view all of our key milestones
throughout the pandemic.
See full timeline
What we're doing in our stores
Starbucks strives to meet or exceed all public health mandates, as it is
our responsibility to protect our partners and customers in the
communities we serve. To find a store that is open near you, visit the
store locator on Starbucks.com or the Starbucks app for locations and
hours.
Use of facial coverings:
● Starbucks recommends partners and customers review CDC
guidance for their community when deciding whether to continue
to wear a facial covering indoors.
● Where mandated by local law or regulation, Starbucks requires
customers and company-operated store partners to wear masks
while in our stores.
Partner (employee) precautions:
● Prior to beginning every shift, all Starbucks partners (employees)
complete a symptom check to ensure they are healthy enough to
work.
Cleaning measures:
● Starbucks cleaning and sanitizing protocols meet or exceed
public health guidelines.
What we're doing for our customers
While the dine-in experience has changed across all stores, we continue
to serve customer needs through safe and convenient methods,
including drive-thru service, digital ordering and contactless pay. Each
community is different, and we trust our local partners to create the
safest environment for customers to enjoy the Starbucks experience.
Upgraded Starbucks App & Rewards:
● Using the Starbucks app, Rewards members can locate a store,
order ahead and pay, and determine the most convenient pick-up
option at the store.
● Starbucks Rewards members’ Star expirations are paused
through April 1, 2022.
Grab-and-go:
● Customers can an order in the café and take their order to-go, or
use the “order ahead” feature in the Starbucks app to pick up
items at the store.
Drive-thru:
● Customers can order at the drive-thru or pick up an order placed
ahead on the Starbucks app. Varies by location.
Mobile Order & Curbside Pickup:
● Customers can order using the App, then park in spots
designated as "Mobile Order & Curbside Pickup” and a barista
will deliver to the car. Available in select stores.
Starbucks Delivers:
● Customers can order their favorite Starbucks beverages and
food for delivery through Uber Eats. In many U.S. markets.
What we're doing for our communities
We are dedicated to serving our communities in a constructive role
through the lens of Our Mission and Values: to inspire and nurture the
human spirit – one person, one cup and one neighborhood at a time.
Thanking front-line responders:
● To date, the company has donated 1.2 million+ cups of coffee to
first responders and health care communities.
● The Starbucks Foundation and Starbucks helped Operation
Gratitude send care packages to more than 100,000 front-line
heroes.
Addressing food insecurity:
● The Starbucks Foundation has donated more than $1 million to
Feeding America’s COVID-19 response fund and other food
banks.
● Starbucks supports the goal of long-term food security through
donations to local food banks through our FoodShare program,
and by reinvesting $100 million into hunger relief efforts by 2030.
● To date, the company has donated 47.3 million pounds of food,
providing nearly 40 million meals*, and invested more than $50
million in hunger relief.
Local grants:
● The Starbucks Foundation has distributed more than $1 million
to more than 400 local organizations across the U.S. and Canada
to support COVID-19 community response, inspired and
informed by Starbucks partners (employees).
● In Seattle, The Starbucks Foundation helped to launch the city’s
COVID-19 Response Fund in early 2020, and has invested more
than $1 million in organizations across our hometown.
Global relief:
● The Starbucks Foundation has donated more than $5 million to
support global COVID-19 relief efforts around the world,
partnering with key organizations like the United Nations
Foundation in order to ensure those who need the most help get
it.
Supporting coffee-growing communities:
● The Starbucks Foundation has donated more than $2 million to
support relief efforts and protect lives and livelihoods in coffee
and tea growing communities around the world, which have
reached more than 200,000 people to date.
*According to the USDA, 1.2 pounds of food is the equivalent to one
meal.
What we're doing for our customers
While the dine-in experience has changed across all stores, we continue
to serve customer needs through safe and convenient methods,
including drive-thru service, digital ordering and contactless pay. Each
community is different, and we trust our local partners to create the
safest environment for customers to enjoy the Starbucks experience.
Upgraded Starbucks App & Rewards:
● Using the Starbucks app, Rewards members can locate a store,
order ahead and pay, and determine the most convenient pick-up
option at the store.
● Starbucks Rewards members’ Star expirations are paused
through April 1, 2022.
Grab-and-go:
● Customers can an order in the café and take their order to-go, or
use the “order ahead” feature in the Starbucks app to pick up
items at the store.
Drive-thru:
● Customers can order at the drive-thru or pick up an order placed
ahead on the Starbucks app. Varies by location.
Mobile Order & Curbside Pickup:
● Customers can order using the App, then park in spots
designated as "Mobile Order & Curbside Pickup” and a barista
will deliver to the car. Available in select stores.
Starbucks Delivers:
● Customers can order their favorite Starbucks beverages and
food for delivery through Uber Eats. In many U.S. markets.
What we're doing for our communities
We are dedicated to serving our communities in a constructive role
through the lens of Our Mission and Values: to inspire and nurture the
human spirit – one person, one cup and one neighborhood at a time.
Thanking front-line responders:
● To date, the company has donated 1.2 million+ cups of coffee to
first responders and health care communities.
● The Starbucks Foundation and Starbucks helped Operation
Gratitude send care packages to more than 100,000 front-line
heroes.
Addressing food insecurity:
● The Starbucks Foundation has donated more than $1 million to
Feeding America’s COVID-19 response fund and other food
banks.
● Starbucks supports the goal of long-term food security through
donations to local food banks through our FoodShare program,
and by reinvesting $100 million into hunger relief efforts by 2030.
● To date, the company has donated 47.3 million pounds of food,
providing nearly 40 million meals*, and invested more than $50
million in hunger relief.
Local grants:
● The Starbucks Foundation has distributed more than $1 million
to more than 400 local organizations across the U.S. and Canada
to support COVID-19 community response, inspired and
informed by Starbucks partners (employees).
● In Seattle, The Starbucks Foundation helped to launch the city’s
COVID-19 Response Fund in early 2020, and has invested more
than $1 million in organizations across our hometown.
Global relief:
● The Starbucks Foundation has donated more than $5 million to
support global COVID-19 relief efforts around the world,
partnering with key organizations like the United Nations
Foundation in order to ensure those who need the most help get
it.
Supporting coffee-growing communities:
● The Starbucks Foundation has donated more than $2 million to
support relief efforts and protect lives and livelihoods in coffee
and tea growing communities around the world, which have
reached more than 200,000 people to date.
*According to the USDA, 1.2 pounds of food is the equivalent to one
meal.
What we're doing for our communities
We are dedicated
to serving our
communities in a
constructive role
through the lens
of Our Mission
and Values: to
inspire and
nurture the
human spirit –
one person, one
cup and one
neighborhood at
a time.
Thanking front-line responders:
● To date, the company has donated 1.2 million+ cups of coffee to first responders and health
care communities.
● The Starbucks Foundation and Starbucks helped Operation Gratitude send care packages to
more than 100,000 front-line heroes.
Addressing food insecurity:
● The Starbucks Foundation has donated more than $1 million to Feeding America’s
COVID-19 response fund and other food banks.
● Starbucks supports the goal of long-term food security through donations to local food banks
through our FoodShare program, and by reinvesting $100 million into hunger relief efforts by
2030.
● To date, the company has donated 47.3 million pounds of food, providing nearly 40 million
meals*, and invested more than $50 million in hunger relief.
Local grants:
● The Starbucks Foundation has distributed more than $1 million to more than 400 local
organizations across the U.S. and Canada to support COVID-19 community response,
inspired and informed by Starbucks partners (employees).
● In Seattle, The Starbucks Foundation helped to launch the city’s COVID-19 Response Fund
in early 2020, and has invested more than $1 million in organizations across our hometown.
Global relief:
● The Starbucks Foundation has donated more than $5 million to support global COVID-19
relief efforts around the world, partnering with key organizations like the United Nations
Foundation in order to ensure those who need the most help get it.
Supporting coffee-growing communities:
● The Starbucks Foundation has donated more than $2 million to support relief efforts and
protect lives and livelihoods in coffee and tea growing communities around the world, which
have reached more than 200,000 people to date.
*According to the
USDA, 1.2
pounds of food is
the equivalent to
one meal.
See more ways
we're supporting
our partners,
customers and
communities:
PEOPLE
Supporting our partners, creating a sense of belonging
January 11, 2022
HUNGER RELIEF
Our Commitment to Hunger Relief
May 4, 2021
The Starbucks Foundation announces nonprofit recipients of
grants to support BIPOC youth
March 17, 2021
Are there any rules for writing Starbucks blog comments?
Published Sep 14, 2022
Our blogs are open forums for ideas and discussion. That said, we will not allow profanity or other
inappropriate conduct. Posts that are inappropriate will be removed from the site and users that
repeatedly post inappropriate conduct will be asked not to post at all.
At this time, we do not accept unsolicited business ideas from customers or vendors.
For more specifics on the rules, read our Terms and Conditions. Contact us to report an offensive
posting.
How old do I have to be to work at Starbucks®?
Published Sep 27, 2022
In most states you must be at least 16 years old (14 in Montana) to work for Starbucks®.
I have a Teavana Glass Tea Tumbler that was recalled, what
do I do?
Published May 1, 2023
Please call the our Customer Service team at 1-800-STARBUC (782-7282).
For additional information please visit
https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2013/Teavana-Recalls-Glass-Tea-Tumblers.
Why did I receive a refund for my purchase on a Starbucks
Store credit card?
Published Sep 27, 2022
If you make a return on items that you purchased with your registered Starbucks Card, you will keep
the Stars earned from the purchase, but your funds will be returned to you on a Starbucks Store
Credit card. The original receipt or gift receipt is required and must be within 60 days of purchase.
Note that Starbucks Store Credit cards may be used in any participating Starbucks store, but they
are not Starbucks Cards. They do not accrue Stars and cannot be registered or reloaded for
additional value.
Why did I receive a refund for my purchase on a Starbucks
Store credit card?
Published Sep 27, 2022
If you make a return on items that you purchased with your registered Starbucks Card, you will keep
the Stars earned from the purchase, but your funds will be returned to you on a Starbucks Store
Credit card. The original receipt or gift receipt is required and must be within 60 days of purchase.
Note that Starbucks Store Credit cards may be used in any participating Starbucks store, but they
are not Starbucks Cards. They do not accrue Stars and cannot be registered or reloaded for
additional value.
What is considered close prolonged contact?
Published Aug 29, 2022
Close contact is defined as being within six feet for a prolonged period with someone who is
infected, or actions such as being coughed on by someone who is infected. A brief interaction with
customers or between baristas is very low risk.
You can keep updated on the latest actions Starbucks is taking to prevent the spread of the virus at
Starbucks Stories & News.
Are partners required to wear facial coverings?
Published Aug 29, 2023
Starbucks recommends partners and customers review CDC guidance for their community when
deciding whether to continue to wear a facial covering indoors.
Where mandated by local law or regulation, Starbucks requires customers and
company-operated store partners to wear masks while in our stores.
You can keep updated on the latest actions Starbucks is taking to prevent the spread of the virus at
Starbucks Stories & News.
Are Starbucks products made in China safe?
Published Aug 29, 2022
We are committed to providing our customers with high quality, safe and desirable products. We
have no reason to believe there are any issues regarding our products sourced from China.
We have a rigorous quality assurance program and continually review products before and after they
are placed in our coffeehouses. If any issue is found, we react quickly and appropriately to address
it.
Why is Starbucks paying partners to get the COVID-19
vaccine?
Published Aug 29, 2023
We encourage all partners to get vaccinated to protect themselves and their communities, and have
contingency plans in place for those who are exposed or test positive for COVID-19.
● Up to two hours of paid time off for partners to receive the vaccine, up to three doses.
● Up to 4 hours of paid time off if partners experience vaccine-related side effects and miss a
scheduled shift within 48 hours of receiving the COVID-19 vaccine or booster shot.
You can keep updated on the latest actions Starbucks is taking to prevent the spread of the virus at
Starbucks Stories & News.
I have a Teavana Tristan Glass Pitcher that was recalled,
what do I do?
Published May 1, 2023
Please call the our Customer Service team at 1-800-STARBUC (782-7282).
For additional information please visit https://cpsc.gov/recalls/2015/teavana-recalls-glass-pitchers.
Teavana
Recalls Glass
Pitchers
English
Chinese, Simplified
Share:
Share it on Facebook
Share it on Twitter
Copy Link
Print Page
Copy link
Recalled Tristan glass pitcher
Recalled Tristan glass pitcher
Previous
Next
Name of Product:
Tristan glass pitchers
Hazard:
The glass pitchers can break or leak, posing laceration and/or burn hazards to
consumers if filled with hot tea.
Remedy:
Refund
Replace
Recall Date:
July 22, 2015
Units:
About 52,400 (in addition, 4,400 were sold in Canada)
What is considered close prolonged contact?
Published Aug 29, 2022
Close contact is defined as being within six feet for a prolonged period with someone who is
infected, or actions such as being coughed on by someone who is infected. A brief interaction with
customers or between baristas is very low risk.
You can keep updated on the latest actions Starbucks is taking to prevent the spread of the virus at
Starbucks Stories & News.
How does my organization receive donations from Starbucks?
Published Aug 29, 2022
Starbucks continues to remain focused on funding communities through grants from The Starbucks
Foundation programs and our store’s local involvement in their communities.
Starbucks is not currently seeking opportunities for national or local partnerships or sponsorships. In
addition, we are not accepting product or in-kind requests.
How does an organization qualify for a grant?
1. Collaborating on projects that support social investments in coffee-, tea- and cocoa-producing
communities.
Starbucks supports sustainable programs that meet communities' specific needs. Projects have
included improving access to education and agricultural training, microfinance and microcredit
services, improving biodiversity conservation, and increasing levels of health, nutrition and water
sanitation. The Starbucks Foundation also makes contributions from the Ethos Water Fund to water
projects in coffee, tea and cocoa communities through an invitation only process.
2. Engagement of our partners (employees) with organizations they feel passionate about.
Starbucks encourages our partners (employees) to get involved in organizations they have an
interest in and feel passionate about. Partners can submit Community Service and Partner Match
requests to match their volunteer hours and personal contributions they make to nonprofit
organizations.
I’d like to open a Starbucks Franchise in Europe, how do I do
that?
Published Dec 27, 2022
We have a number of excellent Franchise Partners onboard and are therefore not currently recruiting
any further franchisees. We recommend you check the website on a quarterly basis for updates.
Why are you flying the Juneteenth flag and not the American
flag?
Published Sep 14, 2022
We fly the American Flag every day. To commemorate special occasions and events, we have
historically flown corresponding flags. Juneteenth is a celebration and we are honored to fly the flag.
After the holiday, we will resume flying the American flag as we usually do.
I have a Teavana Flip Tumbler that was recalled, what do I
do?
Published May 1, 2023
Please call the our Customer Service team at 1-800-STARBUC (782-7282).
For additional information please visit https://cpsc.gov/recalls/2017/teavana-recalls-flip-tumblers.
Teavana
Recalls Flip
Tumblers Due
to Burn Hazard
Share:
Share it on Facebook
Share it on Twitter
Copy Link
Print Page
Copy link
Recalled Teavana flip tumbler in silver
Recalled Teavana flip tumbler in black
Previous
Next
Name of Product:
Teavana Flip Tumblers
Hazard:
The flip tumblers can leak hot liquid, posing a burn hazard.
Remedy:
Refund
Recall Date:
April 11, 2017
Units:
About 23,600 (in
How does Starbucks manage personal information?
Published Sep 27, 2022
Please read our Privacy Statement for more details.
After reviewing the Starbucks Privacy Statement, you may submit a data privacy request to
Starbucks. To submit your request, click 'form' at the bottom of the Privacy Policy webpage, or by
clicking here.
After you successfully submit your request, please allow up to 45 days for a member of the
Starbucks Privacy Team to contact you by email.
arrow_back
Back
How do I submit a data privacy request to Starbucks?
Published Sep 14, 2022
After reviewing the Starbucks Privacy Statement, you may submit a data privacy request to
Starbucks. To submit your request, click 'form' at the bottom of the Privacy Policy webpage, or by
clicking here.
After you successfully submit your request, please allow up to 45 days for a member of the
Starbucks Privacy Team to contact you by email.
Will Starbucks still be in compliance with ADA requirements
by getting rid of straws?
Published Sep 27, 2022
Starbucks is still exploring options for the full transition into the hot beverage market for those that
truly need straws, and we do understand the challenges that a paper of compostable straw may
cause. As we convert our straws from plastic to alternative materials, we intend to focus on an
inclusive design to ensure all customers will be able to enjoy their favorite Starbucks® beverages.
Also, the new straw options will also be available by request for customers who prefer or need a
straw - for any drink.
I have a Grey Bodum Recycled Coffee Press that was
recalled, what do I do?
Published Aug 24, 2023
Please call the our Customer Service team at 1-800-STARBUC (782-7282).
For additional information, please visit
https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2019/Starbucks-Recalls-Bodum-Recycled-Coffee-Presses-Due-to-Lac
eration-Hazard.
What do I do if I forgot my Career Center password?
Published Aug 29, 2022
Click “Forgot Password” on the login screen and we’ll email you the instructions.
Why can't I find a particular coffee at my Starbucks or in my
grocery store?
Published Mar 12, 2023
The Starbucks app lists all coffees currently available in Starbucks stores. A particular store may be
out of a coffee though, and some coffees may not be available through grocery stores
.What is universal grind?
Published Jan 8, 2023
Starbucks coffee in grocery stores is available in whole bean or ground with a universal grind.
Starbucks developed universal grind to deliver optimal flavor and maximize convenience. It’s perfect
for all electric drip coffee makers and also works well in coffee presses. Universal grind is the same
grind used to brew the drip coffee in Starbucks retail stores.
Can I access my digital Coffee Passport offline?
Published Sep 27, 2022
No. You need a data or WiFi connection to access the Coffee Passport Mobile site at
passport.starbucks.com on your mobile device.
What kind of grind should I use?
Published Apr 13, 2023
For the freshest tasting coffee, we continue to recommend starting with whole beans and grinding
them fresh for each pot. Or, if you prefer, you can take your whole bean coffee to your local retail
store and ask them for a custom grind.
Drip makers perform best with either universal grind that is available in pre-ground coffees or with a
grind specifically for a flat bottom or cone type filter. All Starbucks stores can grind coffee to this
specification. Espresso machines are grind-sensitive and require a very fine grind, 30-35 seconds in
a blade grinder. Slow and fast shots are often caused by a grind that is too fine or too coarse, frozen
or refrigerated espresso beans and tamping coffee too hard or not firmly enough.
What's the best way to store coffee? How long will it stay
fresh?
Published Mar 12, 2023
Once roasted, coffee begins to lose its flavor the longer it is exposed to air and moisture. We
recommend buying your coffee weekly, storing it in an airtight container in a cool, dark place and
grinding it just before brewing. Coffee in an unopened FlavorLock™ bag will stay fresh for several
months.
If the Starbucks lobby area is closed due to the COVID-19
outbreak, how can I receive a refill?
Published Aug 29, 2022
While the usual space for customers to enjoy refills is unavailable, we will still honor the refill policy
in the Drive Thru.
How can I comment or give feedback about an experience I
had in a Starbucks store?
Published Aug 29, 2022
We always welcome your feedback about our service and your in-store experience – whether you
found it friendly and helpful, or it fell short of your expectations.
Please Contact Us with your comments and we’ll respond as soon as possible.
How do I reduce sugar in my beverage?
Published Mar 12, 2023
Use a sugar substitute like Splenda®. If your beverage contains syrup, opt for one of our sugar-free
syrups: vanilla, hazelnut or cinnamon dolce. Or if you’re having one of our standard syrups, you can
always ask for a little less.
Why doesn't my Starbucks store show up on the Store Finder
map?
Published Sep 27, 2022
If your store is outside the range shown on the map, you may need to search by city or use a ZIP
code that is closer to the store’s location.
How is Starbucks® Pick Up different than my local Starbucks
cafe?
Published Apr 17, 2023
Starbucks® Pick Up is uniquely designed for grab and go. It has a smaller store footprint and
contains digital order status screens in order make the customer experience as effortless as
possible.
Starbucks Security Video Request - Frequently Asked
Questions
Published Mar 18, 2023
Security Video Requests
How will Starbucks
provide the security
video, if available?
When available, security video will be provided electronically
though our digital evidence management system. In cases where
excessive video files are required, an external storage device may
be used and charged back to the requesting party.
Do all Starbucks
locations have
security video
capabilities?
No.
How long is security
video retained on
Starbucks store video
equipment?
If the store is equipped with security video cameras and all
equipment is functioning properly, certain security equipment may
retain video up to 30-days or longer, depending on the equipment
available at the store.
How is security video
accessed?
In most cases, security video from a Starbucks owned location is
accessed remotely via a network connection. Under certain
circumstances, a qualified technician may be dispatched to retrieve
the video files onsite.
Can anyone obtain
Starbucks security
video?
No. When available, Starbucks will provide video to Law
Enforcement Agencies (LEAs) and other approved parties at its
sole discretion and with proper documentation and/or a valid
warrant or subpoena.
Will there be a charge
for video provided, if
available?
At Starbucks discretion, a service or processing fee may apply.
When can I expect to
receive a response to
my security video
request?
Please allow 5-7 business days for Starbucks to process your
security video request. If 7 business days have passed and you
have not received a response, please email
securityvideorequest@starbucks.com and provide your case and/or
reference number.
Security Video Requests - US
Security Video Requests - Canada English
Security Video Requests - Canada French
How do I opt in to receive special offers and promotional
emails from Starbucks?
Published Aug 29, 2022
To make sure you're opted in to receive offers from us or change your contact preferences:
1. Go to app.starbucks.com and log in.
2. Select Account > Settings > Communication Preferences.
3. Select to opt in or out by clicking the button next to the communication method.
4. If you opt in, the button will be green.
Where is the Eggnog Latte?
Published Aug 29, 2022
Eggnog latte is not returning to US stores this year. If you’re looking for a nostalgic Holiday flavor, we
recommend our new Iced Sugar Cookie Almondmilk Latte for a modern twist on a Holiday classic!
arrow_back
Back
Where is the Eggnog Latte?
Published Aug 29, 2022
Eggnog latte is not returning to US stores this year. If you’re looking for a nostalgic Holiday flavor, we
recommend our new Iced Sugar Cookie Almondmilk Latte for a modern twist on a Holiday classic!
Will the information I provide to access store WiFi be shared
or sold?
Published Sep 27, 2022
Information on usage of customer data can be found in our U.S. Privacy Statement.
Why can't I get my favorite beverage?
Published Sep 14, 2022
We apologize. Due to nationwide delivery delays, we are experiencing temporary outages of some of
our products to make your favorite beverage, therefore we are temporarily out of that item. Be sure
to check your Starbucks® app or in-store to see when the product is available.
Will stores be closed in observance of Juneteenth?
Published Sep 26, 2022
Our company-operated stores will remain open so that we may continue to serve our customers, but
store partners (employees) will receive holiday pay. Licensed stores will follow the direction provided
by their employer.
When will I receive special offers and discounts?
Published Sep 27, 2022
If you opted in to receive email from Starbucks, we will periodically send you offers and discounts.
You may also occasionally receive offers with your account online and in your Starbucks® app.
Why can't I get my favorite pastry or bakery item?
Published Sep 26, 2022
We apologize. Due to nationwide delivery delays, we are experiencing temporary outages of some of
our products. Be sure to check your Starbucks® app or in-store to see when the product is available.
What are the sizes of Starbucks drinks?
Published Sep 27, 2022
The drink sizes we currently offer are:
Short [8 fl. oz.]
Tall [12 fl. oz.]
Grande [16 fl. oz.]
Venti® Hot [20 fl. oz.]
Venti® Cold [24 fl. oz.]
Trenta® Cold* [31 fl. oz.]
*Only available for Teavana® Shaken Iced Tea, Teavana® Shaken Iced Tea Lemonade, Iced Coffee,
Cold Brew and Starbucks Refreshers®.
arrow_back
Back
What is Juneteenth and why is Starbucks celebrating it?
Published Sep 14, 2022
Juneteenth is the oldest nationally celebrated commemoration of the ending of slavery in the United
States. Starbucks is now recognizing June 19th as a company holiday in order to honor this
important day in our nation’s history, and recognize the significance this day holds for our Black
partners, customers and communities we serve.
How does a customer order ahead when ordering through
Starbucks® Pick Up?
Published Apr 12, 2023
Go to the Starbucks® Pick Up website and follow the steps: Download and Join > Order Ahead >
Pick Up.
What is Starbucks® Pick Up?
Published Apr 12, 2023
Starbucks® Pick Up is a new store experience created for Starbucks® Rewards members who place
their order ahead using our Starbucks® app. The store is designed for easy pick up for their
Starbucks mobile or online order.
Browse Topics
radio_button_unchecked
Coffee at Home
radio_button_unchecked
Company Info
radio_button_unchecked
In Our Stores
radio_button_unchecked
Mobile
radio_button_unchecked
Starbucks Card
radio_button_unchecked
Starbucks Rewards
Help Home
Topics
In Our Stores
Will I have to provide information every time I visit a Starbucks
store and connect to WiFi?
Published Sep 27, 2022
Customers will need to input their information the first time they connect a new device to gain access
to in-store WiFi at all U.S. participating Starbucks stores. After they have signed in on a device, they
can visit any participating U.S. company-operated store and not have to sign in on that device again.
Where can I find allergen information?
Published Sep 27, 2022
For packaged foods and beverages, allergen information can be found on the product label.
For handcrafted beverages and non-packaged foods, allergen information can be found in the Menu
Section, or you can just search for the item in the search field on this site. For any items that are not
found on the website, please ask a barista to show or read you the ingredient information on the
labels.
To our customers with allergies: We openly handle several allergens throughout our stores,
including dairy, soy, tree nuts (e.g., almond, coconut, etc.), eggs, wheat and others.
While we take precautions to keep ingredients separate, we cannot guarantee that any of our
beverages or foods are allergen free as we use shared equipment to store, prepare and serve them.
Examples of shared equipment include the espresso machine steam wand, blender and pastry case.
Please consult your doctor if you have questions about food allergies, so that you can make the
decision that is right for you.
Will accessing WiFi update the communication preferences of
Starbucks Rewards™ members?
Published Sep 27, 2022
Starbucks® Rewards members who use the Starbucks® app and/or have given Starbucks
permission to email will continue to receive offers as usual.
Members of the Starbucks Rewards program who have previously opted out of promotional emails
from Starbucks will need to log in to their Rewards account to update their communication
preferences to receive future promotional offers.
What kind of milk alternatives are available?
Published Aug 30, 2022
In addition to our dairy options, we offer almondmilk, coconutmilk, soymilk and oatmilk. See more
information here.
arrow_back
Back
How can I see if a store is closed or has modified operations
during the COVID-19 pandemic?
Published Aug 29, 2023
Customers may check if a store is closed through their Starbucks app or you may assist by using our
store locator on Starbucks.com or the Starbucks® app for locations and hours (updated every 90
minutes).
● We will be keeping some cafes open in certain markets so that we can support and be there
for our first responders and health care workers.
● We are encouraging our licensees to follow the same protocol, though some may choose to
follow this direction while others may choose to either stay open or close completely.
You can keep updated on the latest actions Starbucks is taking to prevent the spread of the virus at
Starbucks Stories & News.
Why did I not get that promotional offer?
Published Sep 27, 2022
We want to provide you with promotions and offers that are personalized for your Starbucks®
Experience, so the specifics of our offers, promotions and coupons vary by customer. While you may
not receive a particular offer, there may be a different personalized promotion for you.
Where can I find nutritional information on Starbucks retail
products?
Published Mar 12, 2023
You can find out what goes into our beverages and fresh food items in our Menu section. If you don’t
find what you’re looking for there, click on our Customer Service page or give us a call at
1-800-23LATTE (235-2883). We’d be happy to answer any questions you have.
Is Starbucks getting rid of straws completely?
Published Sep 27, 2022
No, Starbucks is not taking away straws completely. We're replacing our current single-use plastic
straws with a strawless lid for all iced coffee, tea and espresso beverages, and offering a new straw
made of alternative materials (such as paper or compostable plastic) for Frappuccino beverages.
These new straw options will also be available by request for customers who prefer or need a straw -
for any drink.
More information about Starbucks announcement to eliminate straws in our stores by 2020 can be
found in our Newsroom.
What if a customer is not following social distancing practices at
my store?
Published Aug 29, 2022
To remain open and serve our communities we must be able to operate in a modified way to support
social distancing and ask that you follow these practices so we can safely serve all of our customers.
You can keep updated on the latest actions Starbucks is taking to prevent the spread of the virus at
Starbucks Stories & News.
arrow_back
Back
Do I have to be a Starbucks Rewards® member to use
Starbucks® Pick Up?
Published Apr 12, 2023
We recommend joining the Starbucks® Rewards program, which gives you an opportunity to earn
Stars toward free Rewards like handcrafted beverages, food, merchandise and more with every
purchase. However, alternative options are available, if preferred. Please see your Starbucks® Pick
Up barista for details.
Can I access store WiFi if I don't provide my information?
Published Sep 27, 2022
Your information is required the first time your device connects to our in-store WiFi, however,
customers may unsubscribe from email at any time and not impact their access to WiFi in our stores.
Will Google Assistant make recommendations to me about
what I might like?
Published Aug 29, 2022
Initially, no. However, we are looking into enabling this capability in the future.
How will the information I enter to access store WiFi be used?
Published Sep 27, 2022
By entering your information to access store WiFi, our regular customers will be the first to know
about the latest news, events and special offers from Starbucks, including regular newsletters. Most
customers will receive approximately one email a week.
See our Privacy Statement for more information.
At Starbucks, we approach data and privacy as we approach everything we do:
we put people first.
As part of our effort to protect your privacy and to comply with applicable privacy and
data protection laws, we strive to consider all of our data governance practices through
the lens of the recognized principles of data minimization, limited collection, and limited
use, among other key areas addressed below. We do so to respect and maintain your
trust. In other words, we believe that taking care of you includes taking care of your data
and privacy. Grab a cup of coffee and learn more below.
Starbucks Privacy Notice
Last Revised: June 27, 2023
Overview
This Starbucks Privacy Notice describes the types of personal information that
Starbucks Corporation and its respective subsidiaries and affiliated companies
(“Starbucks,” “we,” and “us”) collect, how we use it, how and when it may be shared,
and the rights and choices you have with respect to your information. It also explains
how we communicate with you and how you can make requests or submit inquiries to
us about your information. Our goal is to help you understand how we use your
information to improve our products, services, marketing, and interactions with you, as
part of our commitment to maintaining your trust. Thank you for taking the time to read
and understand our data and privacy related practices.
By continuing to use Starbucks Services you acknowledge this Privacy Notice and
agree to our Terms of Use and other important policies, all available on our Online
Policies page.
Contents
You may skip to the specific sections of our Privacy Notice by selecting any of the
sections listed below.
1. Applicability and Scope
2. Updates to this Privacy Notice
3. Information We Collect
4. Sources of Information
5. How We Use Your Information
6. How We Disclose Your Information
7. Cookies, Web Beacons, and Similar Technologies
8. How We Protect Your Information
9. Retention
10.Children’s Privacy
11. Starbucks WiFi
12.Your Choices & Rights
13.Notice of Financial Incentive & Starbucks® Rewards
14.Additional Disclosures for Data Subjects in the EEA, the U.K. and Switzerland
15.Participation in the Privacy Shield Frameworks
16.Contact Us
1. Applicability and Scope
This Privacy Notice (“Notice”) applies to the websites located at starbucks.com,
starbucksreserve.com, princi.com, starbucks.ca, the Starbucks mobile applications
available at https://www.starbucks.com/coffeehouse/mobile-apps (“Starbucks App”),
when you visit our stores, and through any other websites or applications owned and
operated by Starbucks brands or products that direct the viewer or user to this Notice
(“Starbucks Services”). Our websites and mobile applications may offer links to websites
and/or other mobile applications that are operated by third parties and not by Starbucks.
If you visit one of these linked websites, you should read the website’s privacy notice,
terms and conditions, and their other policies. We are not responsible for the policies
and practices of third parties. Any information you give to those organizations is
governed under their privacy notice, terms and conditions, and other policies.
2. Updates to this Privacy Notice
We may update this Notice from time to time. We will notify you of material changes to
this Notice and will update the Last Revised date on this Notice. We encourage you to
look for updates and changes to this Notice when you access our websites and mobile
applications.
3. Information We Collect
When you visit and use the Starbucks Services, we collect the following categories of
information:
● Identifiers – We collect information that can be used to identify you, such as
your first and last name, phone number, your address book, username and
password, email address, postal address, IP address, day and month of your
birthday, and demographic information (such as gender).
● Financial Information – We may also collect information such as your credit
card and debit card information, telephone number, and name.
● Commercial Information – We may collect information about your transactions
in our stores, on our websites or via our Starbucks App including what products
you purchase, how frequently you purchase them, any Rewards or promotions
associated with a purchase, and the products you have placed on your “Wishlist”
or “My Bag” for future purchase.
● Electronic Network Activity Information – We collect information related to
your electronic network activity, such as your browsing history, information about
how you use the Starbucks Services, information about your device, and
information related to Starbucks website’s “live help” chat feature.
● Geolocation Information – We may collect information about your location of
your device, such as information derived from your device (e.g., based on a
browser or device’s IP address). We may also use location-based technology in
our retail locations, to collect information about the presence of your device, if
your Bluetooth is turned on and your device settings allow for this.
● Audio and Visual Information – We may collect audio and visual information
when you use the Starbucks Services. For example, closed circuit video
surveillance cameras (“CCTV”) may be installed at some of our retail locations to
monitor building security and assist in crime prevention, detection, and
investigation, and to ensure the safety of our staff and visitors to our facilities,
and these CCTV cameras may collect audio, visual, and similar information.
Also, depending on your choices, we may collect audio information when you use
voice ordering.
● Inferences – We may also collect inferences drawn from the other information
described above.
Additionally, depending on how you use the Starbucks Services, we may collect the
following categories of sensitive personal information from you:
● Precise Geolocation Information – We may collect information about the
precise location of your device (e.g., GPS latitude and longitude), consistent with
your device settings. We may also use location-based technology in our retail
locations, to collect information about the presence of your device, if your
Bluetooth is turned on and your device settings allow for this. We may collect this
location information or derive it from your GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth or other
location-based technology for purposes of facilitating our services, such as to
provide you with information about stores near you, to enable you to remotely
order and pay for our products and services, or so that you may have certain
Starbucks products delivered to you by a third-party vendor.
We may aggregate or de-identify the information described above. Aggregated or
de-identified data that we do not attempt to reidentify is not subject to this Notice.
Without this information, we may not be able to provide you with all the requested
services.
4. Sources of Information
In addition to the information we receive from you, we also receive the categories of
information described above from other sources including from other users of Starbucks
Services (such as when they purchase a gift for you), advertising partners, co-sponsors,
internet service providers, data analytics providers, operating systems and platforms,
social networks, and publicly available sources. For example, if you access any social
media or similar services through the Starbucks Services to login or to share information
about your experience on our Starbucks Services with others, we may collect
information from these third-party services.
5. How We Use Your Information
We use your information for business purposes, including to provide the products and
services you request, to perform customer service functions, for security and fraud
prevention, for marketing and promotional purposes, and to perform website and mobile
application analytics. We may use the information we collect about you to:
(a) To Provide Our Services – We may process your information when you access or
use the Starbucks Services, including to:
● process or fulfill orders and transactions;
● maintain and service accounts;
● support and improve our loyalty programs, such as Starbucks® Rewards;
● deliver gift cards or e-gifts, and any associated personalized messages, in
accordance with your instructions;
● debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing functionality;
● facilitate the functionality of our websites and mobile applications;
● process payments; and
● customize experiences and personalization when you are in and around our
stores, if you have given permission for location sharing.
(b) To Communicate With You – We process certain information in order to
communicate with you in relation to your accounts, our services, our marketing, and
your requests, including to:
● provide customer service, including when you interact with our customer service
agents through our website’s “live help” chat feature, and requests for
information;
● communicate with you about orders, purchases, returns, services, accounts,
programs, contests, and sweepstakes;
● send you personalized promotions, content, and special offers;
● communicate with you about our brands, products, events, or other promotional
purposes;
● implement your communications preferences, such as sharing information with
Starbucks business partners so that they may email you about their promotions,
products and initiatives; and
● provide important product safety information and notice of product recalls.
(c) For Research, Development, and Improvement of Our Services – We want to
ensure that our website, mobile applications, and services are continually improving and
expanding so that we meet and exceed your needs and expectations. To do so, we may
process certain personal information, including to:
● maintain, improve, and analyze our websites, mobile applications, ads, and the
products and services we offer; and
● help to ensure security and integrity of the Starbucks Services, including to
detect, prevent, or investigate suspicious activity or fraud.
(d) To Enforce our Terms, Agreements, or Policies – To maintain a safe, secure,
and trusted environment for you when you use our websites, mobile applications, and
other services, we use your personal information to ensure our terms, policies, and
agreements with you and any third parties are enforced.
(e) To Comply with Applicable Laws – We may be required to process certain
information under certain laws and regulations, such as tax laws, as well as to:
● maintain appropriate records for internal administrative purposes; and
● comply with applicable legal and regulatory obligations, and respond to lawful
governmental requests, as needed.
(f) Targeted Advertising – We may process your information to provide you with
targeted advertising (also known as cross-contextual advertising and online behavioral
advertising) and offers and promotions that you may be interested in.
(g) With Your Consent – We may process certain information in order to fulfill any
other business or commercial purposes at your direction or with your consent.
6. How We Disclose Your Information
We disclose your information as needed to fulfill the purposes described in this Notice
and as permitted by applicable law.
(a) When We Work Together – We may share information between and among
Starbucks Corporation, its subsidiaries, and affiliated companies for purposes of
management and analysis, decision making, and other business purposes. For
example, we may share your information with our subsidiaries and affiliated companies
to administer our loyalty programs, process orders and requests, and expand and
promote our product and service offerings.
(b) When We Work with Service Providers & Business Partners – We may share
identifiers, commercial information, electronic and network activity, geolocation and
precise geolocation information, audio and visual information, and inferences, as
described above, for a variety of business purposes, such as payment processing,
website and data hosting, location mapping, product and service delivery, customer
service, advertising and marketing (including counting ad impressions, ensuring
compliance with industry standards, personalization, analytics services, security and
performance monitoring, maintaining and servicing accounts, processing or fulfilling
orders and transactions, verifying customer information, research, auditing, and data
processing. We strive to contractually prohibit these service providers and business
partners from retaining, using, or disclosing your confidential personal information for
any purpose other than performing agreed upon services for us.
(c) When We Work on Business Transactions – If we become involved with a
merger, corporate transaction or another situation involving the transfer of some or all of
our business assets, we may share your information with business entities or people
involved in the negotiation or transfer.
(d) When Sharing Helps Us Protect Safety and Lawful Interests – We may disclose
your information if we believe that the disclosure is required by law, if we believe that
the disclosure is necessary to enforce our agreements or policies, or if we believe that
the disclosure will help us protect the rights, property, safety of Starbucks or our
customers or partners.
(e) When You Give Consent – We may share information about you with other
companies if you give us permission or direct us to share the information.
(f) When You Post on Our Websites – If you post information on a blog or another
part of our websites, the information that you post may be seen by other visitors to our
websites. We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit in these
public areas.
7. Cookies, Web Beacons and Similar Technologies
We and others may use a variety of technologies to collect information about your
device and use of our websites and mobile applications. These technologies include
first- and third-party cookies, web beacons, JavaScript, entity tags, and HTML local
storage. Most web browsers can be programmed to accept or reject the use of some or
all of these technologies, although you must take additional steps to disable or control
other technologies. For more information on exercising your preferences in relation to
cookies and similar technologies, please see the section of this Notice titled “Your
Choices & Rights”.
● Cookies – Cookies are small data files that are sent from a website’s server and
are stored on your device’s hard drive either for only the duration of your visit
(“session cookies”) or for a fixed period (“persistent cookies”). Cookies contain
information that can later be read by a web server.
You may be able to reject cookies, web beacons, entity tags and HTML5 local storage
by adjusting the appropriate settings in your browser. Each browser is different, but
many browsers have preferences or options that may be adjusted to allow you to either
accept or reject cookies and certain other technologies before they are set or installed,
or allow you to remove or reject the use or installation of certain technologies altogether.
If you want to learn the correct way to modify your browser settings, please use the
Help menu in your browser or review the instructions provided by the following
browsers: Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Safari Desktop, Safari
Mobile; and Android browser.
● Interest-Based Ads – Many advertising companies that collect information for
interest-based advertising are members of the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
or the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), both of which maintain websites where
people can opt out of interest-based advertising from their members. To opt-out
of website interest-based advertising provided by each organization’s respective
participating companies, visit the DAA’s opt-out portal available at
http://optout.aboutads.info/, the DAA of Canada’s opt-out portal available at
https://youradchoices.ca/en/tools, or visit the NAI’s opt-out portal available at
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1.
Residents of the European Union may opt-out of online behavioral advertising served by
the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s participating member
organizations by visiting https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
To opt-out of data collection for interest-based advertising across mobile applications by
participating companies, download the DAA’s App Choices mobile application opt-out
offering at https://youradchoices.com/appchoices.
● Adobe Flash Player Technology – We allow Adobe to set and enable special
cookies that are necessary to deliver video content for Adobe Flash Player. You
cannot remove Flash cookies simply by changing your browser settings. If you
would like to limit the websites that can store information in Flash cookies on
your device, you must visit the Adobe website:
http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_
manager07.html
● Web Beacons – Web beacons are small, transparent images that are embedded
in web pages, applications, and emails that are sometimes called “clear gifs,”
“single pixel gifs”, “page tags” or “web bugs.” We use web beacons to track the
web pages you visit, to test the effectiveness of our marketing, and to find out if
an email has been opened and acted on.
● JavaScript – JavaScript are code snippets embedded in various parts of
websites and applications that facilitate a variety of operations including
accelerating the refresh speed of certain functionality or monitoring usage of
various online components.
● Entity Tags -- Entity Tags are HTTP code mechanisms that allow portions of
websites to be stored or “cached” within your browser and validates these
caches when the website is opened, accelerating website performance since the
web server does not need to send a full response if the content has not changed.
● HTML5 Local Storage – HTML5 local storage allows data from websites to be
stored or “cached” within your browser to store and retrieve data in HTML5
pages when the website is revisited. These and similar technologies are used for
the following purposes:
● Services and Functionality – Some of these technologies are required to allow
you to access and use our websites or mobile applications and the various
services and functionality we offer. Without these technologies, some of the
services and functionality on our websites and mobile applications would not
work properly.
● Performance Monitoring – Some of these technologies help us analyze and
estimate traffic and assess the volume of use of services and functionality on
websites and mobile applications. They show us how visitors and customers
interact with our digital properties, whether there are any errors, the degree to
which certain web pages, applications, services or functionality are accessed and
used and how they are performing or operating. When these technologies are
used for performance monitoring, no directly identifiable information (e.g., your
name, email address or phone number) is collected.
● User Convenience – Some of these technologies enhance the ease of use of
our websites and mobile applications and the services and functionality they
make available by accelerating load and refresh times and remembering
information that you have provided on prior visits to our websites or when you
last used a website or mobile application service or functionality.
● Marketing – Some of these technologies are used to tailor your experience on
our website, within our mobile applications, or across your applications or
devices by controlling the promotions, advertisements and other marketing
messages that may appear when you access or use these or other digital
properties.
Taken together, these technologies help us learn which services and functionality you
are using and how you are accessing information about us. We may use this
information to personalize your visit to a website or use of a mobile application or to
send you relevant promotions and advertisements.
8. How We Protect Your Information
Starbucks uses reasonable technical, physical, and administrative security measures to
reduce the risk of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of your
information. However, no security system is perfect, and due to the inherent nature of
the Internet, we cannot guarantee that data, including personal information, is
absolutely safe from intrusion or other unauthorized access by others. You are
responsible for protecting your password(s) and maintaining the security of your
devices.
9. Retention
Starbucks stores information as reasonably necessary and proportionate to accomplish
the purposes identified in this Notice based on criteria such as the length of time we
need to provide the services to you, and to meet legal requirements, including record
retention, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. Our retention of your
information is governed by applicable law.
The personal information that you provide us is stored and processed on servers owned
by Starbucks and other companies in the United States, Canada or elsewhere around
the world, including locations outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are
located. Regardless of the company or person who processes your information and
where it is processed, we will take steps to transfer and protect your information through
appropriate safeguards in accordance with applicable data protection laws and this
Notice.
10. Children’s Privacy
We do not intend for our websites or online services to be used by anyone under the
age of 13. We do not knowingly collect, sell, or share information of consumers between
the ages of 13 – 16. If you are a parent or guardian and believe we may have collected
information about your child, please contact us immediately as described in the “Contact
Us” section of this Notice. For more information, please see our Terms of Use.
11. Starbucks Wi-Fi
Many Starbucks stores support providing you access to wireless internet (WiFi) at no
charge. For any such WiFi access, please carefully review the terms of use listed on the
activation page prior to accepting and connecting.
12. Your Choices & Rights, including State-Specific Rights
(a) Your Choices
● Location Services – In order to use certain Starbucks Services, such as mobile
order and pay (“MOP”) and location-based services and technology, you must
either (a) enable “location services” in the Starbucks App; and/or (b) set the
permissions in your mobile device to allow communication of this information.
If you allow for location sharing, your device may communicate with us in ways that
allow for us to customize your experience in and around Starbucks stores, to monitor
the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, to tailor messages based on your time and
location patterns, and to limit the number of times you see a promotional message or
offer. Precise geolocation may be used to fulfill services and application functionality
you choose to engage with. You can manage the use of that personal information at any
time in your device settings.
For most mobile devices, you can disable the collection of geolocation information by
turning off location services on your device. If you have any questions about how to
prevent Starbucks from collecting your geolocation, we recommend you contact your
mobile device service provider or the device manufacturer. Certain Starbucks App
features and some Starbucks Services may not work properly without information about
your location. You can re-enable the collection of geolocation information, at any time,
by turning on location services on your device.
● Voice Ordering – In order to use certain Starbucks Services, such as voice
ordering, when available, you must (a) enable “microphone” and “speech
recognition” in the Starbucks App; and/or (b) set the permissions in your mobile
device to allow communication of this information.
● Email Communications, Push Notifications, and In-App Messages – The
Starbucks App allows all users to set preferences for receiving promotional email
communications from Starbucks, receiving push notifications on your device, and
receiving inbox messages. Please note as well that you may opt-out of receiving
email communications at any time by adjusting your Starbucks online account
settings or by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included within any commercial
email we send you.
If you use the Starbucks App features described above, you consent to the transmission
of your user information to Starbucks and/or its agents, and authorize Starbucks and/or
its agents, to record, process, and store such user information as necessary for
administering the Starbucks App features and for purposes described in this Notice.
(b) Your Rights, including State-Specific Rights
Depending on where you live (including California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and
Virginia), you may be entitled to certain rights with respect to your personal information,
as described below.
● Right to Know – You may have the right to know what personal information the
business has collected about you, including the categories of personal
information, the categories of sources from which it is collected, the business or
commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing it, and the categories of
third parties to whom we disclose it.
● Access and Data Portability – Subject to certain exceptions, you may have the
right to request a copy of the personal information that we collected about you
during the 12 months before your request.
● Deletion – You have the right to request that we delete information that we
collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
● Correct Inaccurate Information – You may have the right to request that we
correct inaccuracies in the personal information we maintain about you. You may
also correct information about you for Starbucks Rewards in the Starbucks App.
● Targeted Advertising – We do not sell your information for monetary or valuable
consideration. You may have the right to opt-out of having your personal
information shared for purposes of targeted advertising. To opt-out, click this “Do
Not Share My Personal Information” link.
● Sensitive Information – Companies who collect, use, and disclose your
sensitive personal information for purposes other than to provide you with goods
or services are required to provide you with the right to limit the use and
disclosure of your sensitive personal information by providing a “Limit the Use
and Disclosure of My Sensitive Personal Information” link. Starbucks only
collects, uses, and discloses your sensitive personal information to provide
services to you, therefore Starbucks is not required to provide this link.
● Opt-Out Preference Signals – Some web browsers allow customers to
automatically exercise their right to opt-out of sale/sharing with all businesses
they interact with online by initiating an opt-out preference signal. We will honor
such opt-out preference signals.
● Appeals – You may appeal our decision with respect to a request you have
submitted by contacting us as described in the “Contact Us” section below.
Requests for U.S. residents should be submitted through this form HERE.
Request for Canadian residents should be submitted through this form HERE.
U.S. and Canadian residents may also submit request by calling 1-800-STARBUC
(782-7282). Once we receive your request, we may verify it by requesting information
sufficient to confirm your identity. You may be entitled to submit a request through an
authorized agent or to appeal a refusal to take action on your request. To designate an
authorized agent to exercise your rights, we will require written proof that the authorized
agent has been authorized to act on your behalf or a copy of the power-of-attorney
document granting that right.
If you are an authorized agent or you are submitting a request on behalf a customer,
please submit your request via email to privacy@starbucks.com.
(c) Other California Rights
● If you are a California resident, you can request a notice disclosing the
categories of personal information we have shared with third parties for the third
parties’ direct marketing purposes. To request a notice, please submit your
request by postal mail to: Starbucks, P.O. Box 20430, Augusta, GA 30916
● Some web browsers have a “Do Not Track” preference that transmits a “Do Not
Track” header to the websites you visit with information indicating that you do not
want your activity to be tracked. We currently do not respond to browser “Do Not
Track” signals, as there is no standard for how online services should respond to
such signals. As standards develop, we may develop policies for responding to
do-not-track signals that we will describe in this Notice.
(d) Privacy Metrics
Privacy Rights Metrics (January 2022 – December 2022) – Includes requests from the
United States and Canada:
Right to Know
• Requests Received – 654
• Requests Complete – 353
• Requests unable to be completed* – 301
• Average completion time – 9 days
Right to Delete
• Requests Received – 1771
• Requests Complete – 936
• Requests unable to be completed* – 835
• Average completion time – 12 days
*Requests may be unable to be completed due to factors such as inability to verify the
customer, duplicate requests, or no information is found.
13. Notice of Financial Incentive & Starbucks® Rewards
Starbucks® Rewards is one way in which Starbucks endeavors to reward and thank
loyal customers for patronizing our business and purchasing Starbucks products.
Starbucks® Rewards members opt in by signing up for Rewards online or through the
Starbucks App and are able to earn and accumulate "Stars" that can be redeemed for
Starbucks® Rewards benefits at participating Starbucks stores. If you would like to
become a Starbucks® Rewards member, please see the Starbucks Rewards Terms of
Use available at https://www.starbucks.com/rewards/terms.
Starbucks collects and uses the categories of personal information described in the
“Information We Collect” section, including information you voluntarily provide us (such
as your name and email), information we collect automatically, and information from
other sources to operate the Starbucks® Rewards loyalty program, including to send
you promotions, content, and special offers and the other uses described in this Notice.
We work with many service providers and business partners to offer the benefits of our
Starbucks® Rewards loyalty program. Those partners may fall into the following
categories: delivery partners, Starbucks global licensees, subsidiaries, and affiliated
companies, and our service providers and business partners. You can learn about the
business partners with whom we share your information by referring to the “How We
Disclose Your Information” section. Starbucks does not assign monetary value for the
information we collect through the Starbucks® Rewards loyalty program when sending
email communications. You may opt out of receiving commercial email communications
at any time by adjusting your Starbucks online account settings, or by clicking the
“unsubscribe” link included within any commercial email we send you. Participation in
Starbucks® Rewards is voluntary, and you may withdraw from the Starbucks® Rewards
loyalty program by visiting the Account section in the Starbucks App, by requesting
deletion of your information by filling out this form HERE, or by calling Starbucks
customer service. Please note that by withdrawing from Starbucks® Rewards, you will
no longer have access to your Starbucks® Rewards account, but you can otherwise
continue to use the Starbucks app. All points and rewards you have earned until the
time of withdrawal will no longer be available. As previously shared, to communicate
and provide services to you through the Starbucks® Rewards loyalty program, we need
to use your personal information. Therefore, if you choose to delete your personal
information from the Starbucks® Rewards loyalty program, we can no longer provide
you with services through this loyalty program.
Based on our reasonable and good faith estimate, we receive value from Starbucks®
Rewards in increased customer loyalty and patronage, though any value will vary by
Starbucks® Rewards member depending on purchases made, which offers a member
takes advantage of, and many other factors.
14. Additional Disclosures for Data Subjects in the EEA, the U.K., and Switzerland
This section provides general information about how Starbucks collects, stores, uses,
transfers and otherwise processes personal data in or from certain countries in the
European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland (together, for purposes
of this section of this Notice, “EEA”), in accordance with the General Data Protection
Regulation (GDPR) and its local implementations. This section does not supersede the
applicability of any privacy policy found on the website of an EEA-based Starbucks
affiliate with whom you have engaged, as that entity would be the data controller with
respect to your personal data and the entity to which your data subject rights requests
should be directed.
(a) Lawful Bases of Processing – Where a Starbucks entity is acting as a data
controller that determines the purposes and means of processing your personal data,
such as when we collect, use, and share personal data as described in this Notice, we
must have a lawful basis for processing for doing so. Our lawful bases for processing
personal data include:
● to conclude or perform a contract with you, for example to:
● process your purchases of or requests for products and services, including
delivering
● gift cards in accordance with your instructions;
● communicate with you about orders, purchases, returns, services,
accounts, programs,
● contests, and sweepstakes;
● for our legitimate business purposes, including to:
● respond to your customer service inquiries and requests for information;
● maintain, improve, and analyze our websites, mobile applications, ads,
and the
● products and services we offer;
● detect, prevent, or investigate security breaches or fraud; and
● facilitate the functionality of our websites and mobile applications;
● to comply with our legal obligations, for example to maintain appropriate records
for internal administrative purposes and as required by applicable law, and
provide important product safety information and notice of product recalls; and
● on the basis of your consent, for example to send you via email and other
electronic means personalized promotions and special offers or informing you
about our brands, products, events, or other promotional purposes.
You can withdraw your consent at any time by modifying your promotional preferences
in your Starbucks user account online, or by contacting us as described in the “Contact
Us” section below.
(b) Your EEA Data Subject Rights – Under certain circumstances, by law you have
the right to:
● Request access to your personal information (commonly known as a “data
subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal
information we hold about you.
● Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you.
● Request erasure of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to
delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us
continuing to process it.
● Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a
legitimate interest (or those of a third party), or where we are processing your
personal information for direct marketing purposes.
● Request the restriction of processing of your personal information. This
enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about
you.
● Request the transfer of your personal information to another party, when
possible.
● Not be subject to automated decision-making producing legal or significant
effects on an individual, which we do not engage in.
To exercise any of these rights, please see the “Your Choices & Rights” section, or
contact us as set forth in the “Contact Us” section below and specify which GDPR
privacy right(s) you wish to exercise. We must verify your identity in order to honor your
request, which we will respond to within 30 days of receipt.
(c) Retention – As described in the “Retention” section, as a general rule, we keep
your data for only as long as it is needed to complete the purpose for which it was
collected or as required by law. We may need to keep your data for longer than our
specified retention periods to honor your requests, including to continue keeping you
opted out of marketing emails, or to comply with legal, regulatory, accounting or other
obligations.
(d) Transfers Outside the EEA – Your personal information may be transferred to,
stored, and processed in a country other than the one in which it was collected,
including the United States. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the
EEA who work for Starbucks or for our third-party service providers. In such cases, we
will take appropriate steps to ensure an adequate level of data protection of the
recipient as required under the GDPR and as described in this Notice.
(e) Complaints – If you have any issues with our compliance, you have the right to
lodge a complaint with an EEA supervisory authority (link). We would, however,
appreciate the opportunity to first address your concerns and would welcome you
directing an inquiry first to us per the “Contact Us” section below, or to our U.S.-based
third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request You may also contact our Data
Protection Officer (“DPO”) at any time at privacy@starbucks.com.
15. Participation in the Privacy Shield Frameworks
On July 16, 2020, the European Court of Justice invalidated the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
Framework as a transfer mechanism for data between EU and U.S. companies. On
September 8, 2020, the Swiss supervisory authority similarly announced that it no
longer considered the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as adequate for personal
data transfers from Switzerland to the U.S. Starbucks Corporation will utilize alternate
appropriate safeguards going forward for such data transfers. Even though the Privacy
Shield Frameworks have been invalidated, Starbucks will continue to honor its
commitments with respect to EU and Swiss personal data transfer pursuant to Privacy
Shield prior to the respective Frameworks’ invalidation.
Starbucks Corporation participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S.
and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks. Starbucks is committed to subjecting all
personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries, Switzerland, and
the United Kingdom in reliance on the Privacy Shield Frameworks, to the applicable
Principles. To learn more about Privacy Shield, visit the U.S. Department of
Commerce’s Privacy Shield List at https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.
Starbucks is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, and
subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf, under the
Privacy Shield Framework.
Starbucks complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of
personal data from the EU, the U.K., and Switzerland, including the onward transfer
liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield
Framework, Starbucks is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission.
In certain situations, Starbucks may be required to disclose personal data in response
to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law
enforcement requirements.
What is Starbucks' return policy?
Published Feb 28, 2023
Food and Beverages
If for any reason you are dissatisfied with your food or beverage item, let us know and we’ll gladly
remake it for you.
Starbucks Cards
You may return an unused Starbucks Card with original receipt by calling 1-800-STARBUC
(782-7282). Used or partially used Starbucks Cards cannot be returned.
Merchandise and Packaged Coffee, and Packaged Tea
You may return merchandise, packaged coffee or packaged tea within 60 days of your purchase with
your original receipt. Refunds will be made in the form of your original payment, unless you have
used PayPal or your Starbucks Card to make your original purchase. For PayPal and Starbucks
Card purchases, your refund will be in the form of Starbucks Store Credit.
Use of Starbucks Store Credit
Starbucks Store Credit may be used in any participating store, but cannot be loaded onto the
Starbucks® app and cannot be reloaded for additional value.
How can I update my Starbucks.com email address?
Published Sep 27, 2022
1. Once signed into your account, click "Account."
2. Select "Settings".
3. Select "Edit" next to "Your email address" or "Password" to update.
Can I pay with cash when I order through Starbucks® Pick
Up?
Published Apr 12, 2023
For the optimal experience, we recommend ordering ahead on our Starbucks® app, which has a
variety of benefits, including the Starbucks® Rewards loyalty program, access to Starbucks Happy
Hour offers and more. However, alternative options are available, if preferred. Please see your
Starbucks® Pick Up barista for details.
Where else can I find Teavana tea?
Published Sep 26, 2022
We invite you into our Starbucks stores to continue exploring our Teavana handcrafted and bottled
beverages.
How do I enable JavaScript?
Published Aug 29, 2022
If you're unsure of how to enable JavaScript in the browser you're using, you can generally find
JavaScript settings in the Tools, Security, or Advanced Settings area of your browser.
You can also search "JavaScript" in the Help section of your browser for more detailed instructions.
arrow_back
Back
How can I make my drink lower in fat?
Published Mar 12, 2023
Request your beverage be made with nonfat milk and ask the barista to hold the whipped cream.
Help Home
Topics
In Our Stores
I have a question about my Evolution Fresh beverage.
Published Mar 12, 2023
Evolution Fresh brand jusices are owned and managed by the company Bolthouse Farms.
For information and assistance with Evolution Fresh beverages visit
https://www.evolutionfresh.com/contact-us/. Or contact Bolthouse Farms at 661-616-9900 for
customer service support on all items.
Can I still use Mobile Payment if I don't have a network
connection?
Published Oct 30, 2022
Yes, your barcode is stored locally on the phone and will be available when you open the application.
However, you won't be able to update your Starbucks Card balance until your network connection is
restored.
arrow_back
Back
Are your beverages kosher?
Published Mar 12, 2023
No – although most of our beverage components are certified kosher. Since we cannot prepare
kosher beverages in our stores, we have not made a concerted effort to have all of our beverages
ingredients certified.
I can't find the Search function on Starbucks.com. How do I
search the website?
Published Oct 2, 2022
To search Starbucks.com, please do the following:
1. Go to Google.com.
2. In the Google search bar, enter "site*starbucks.com" plus the search word(s) for what you're
looking for (e.g., site*starbucks.com star rewards).
3. Select the search result which will take you to the correct page on Starbucks.com.
arrow_back
Back
Does Starbucks® Pick Up have bathrooms and/or seating?
Published Apr 12, 2023
Since Starbucks® Pick Up is exclusively designed for a grab-and-go experience and picking up
mobile or online orders, the store has a smaller footprint and does not contain customer bathrooms
or seating.
Where can I find Starbucks Reserve® Coffee?
Published Sep 26, 2022
Starbucks Reserve® brewed coffee is served at Starbucks Reserve and Roastery locations. All other
locations sell packaged specialty Reserve coffees.
How do I qualify for a cup discount?
Published Sep 27, 2022
By bringing in any personal cup, you qualify for a $.10 off cup discount regardless of the size of the
beverage. You will be charged for the closest cup size, but not larger than the size of the personal
cup.
There is no discount if using our "for here" cups.
arrow_back
Back
Will baristas be at Starbucks® Pick Up?
Published Apr 12, 2023
Yes! Your order is crafted by baristas who will be there ready to help when you need them.
Do Starbucks Rewards™ members need to enter information
to access WiFi?
Published Sep 27, 2022
Yes. Currently, all customers must sign in to gain access to WiFi. We appreciate you validating your
information and are constantly working on ways to enhance our customer experience for all our
customers.
How can I remove myself from Starbucks’ email list?
Published Aug 29, 2022
If you are a Starbucks® Rewards member and no longer wish to receive email communications from
Starbucks, you can unsubscribe in one of the following ways:
Online: Starbucks.com > Settings > Communication Preferences.
iPhone: Settings > Notification Preferences > Messages > Turn off so green does not show.
Android: Hamburger Icon (three lines in upper left corner) > Gear Icon (bottom left corner) >
Preferences > Message Notifications > Turn off so green dot does not show.
Email: Click the Unsubscribe link on the bottom of any Starbucks email.
Please note that it may take a few days for the changes to be applied.
arrow_back
Back
Why are customers required to enter information in order to
access WiFi?
Published Sep 27, 2022
By engaging with customers through email and the Starbucks® app, we'll be able to deliver
promotional offers to more customers.
Customers who provide their information will receive offers delivered directly to customer inboxes.
arrow_back
Back
How do I get Starbucks delivery?
Published Mar 12, 2023
Starbucks has a supported partnership with Uber Eats, Postmates, or DoorDash to offer you coffee
where you're at.
● Order for yourself or send coffee to a friend.
Why is the price different?
● Pricing may be different from in-store pricing, as there are additional packaging and labor
considerations that go into our delivery orders.
● When ordering, delivery services will charge per pump of added syrup.
I have an issue with my order!
● For any issues pertaining to a current or past order please reach out to the delivery service
provider (ie. Uber Eats, Postmates, and DoorDash) in their app or through their customer
service channels.
Why can't I find that tumbler I want?
Published Sep 26, 2022
We apologize. Due to nationwide delivery delays, we are experiencing temporary delays of getting
your favorite merchandise to your store. Be sure to check your Starbucks app or in-store to see
when the product is available.
What if another customer is not wearing a facial covering?
Published Aug 29, 2022
We are respectfully requesting customers join us in following the recommendations from our public
health officials so we can take care of one another.
You can keep updated on the latest actions Starbucks is taking to prevent the spread of the virus at
Starbucks Stories & News.
How can I access WiFi in Starbucks stores?
Published Sep 27, 2022
When you're at Starbucks, you can stay connected to your world with WiFi service from our friends
at Google™.
To log on, simply select "Google Starbucks" WiFi network, and when the Starbucks WiFi landing
page loads, complete the fields, and click "Accept & Connect."
If the Starbucks WiFi page does not pop up, open a browser, navigate to a website, and you will be
redirected to the WiFi landing page.
arrow_back
Back
Is there going to be another Starbucks For Life game?
Published Nov 9, 2022
Yes! We'll have more details to share as we get closer to the launch of the game.
How do I get a free coffee on National Coffee Day?
Published Sep 11, 2022
In celebration of National Coffee Day on 9/29, customers may enjoy a free brewed coffee at
participating locations by bringing in their own reusable cup. This free coffee is available in the café
only and can be redeemed towards a hot or iced brewed coffee up to 20 oz. (excluding Cold Brew or
Nitro). This offer will not be available in the Drive Thru or Mobile Order and Pay.
Can I get a receipt for my Scan & Pay or mobile orders with
credit/debit card?
Published Sep 27, 2022
For Scan & Pay orders, your barista is able to provide a receipt after you pay. For mobile orders, a
barista at that store can provide a receipt from the register up to seven (7) days after your order.
Why is indoor dining not available in my store?
Published Aug 29, 2023
Starbucks continues to follow the guidance of the CDC and may pause indoor seating in states
where indoor dining restrictions are enforced.
Our commitment to you is that we will continue to make proactive decisions that are grounded in
transparency and science – for our partners and the people we serve.
We continue to closely monitor guidance from local and national health authorities and will update
our procedures as needed to adhere to the most effective health and safety standards.
To find a store that is open near you, visit the store locator on Starbucks.com or the Starbucks app
for locations and hours.
For full details regarding the steps Starbucks is taking to prevent the spread of the virus, please visit
Starbucks Stories & News.
How do refills work?
Published Sep 27, 2022
At participating stores, you can use your registered Starbucks Card or Starbucks® app to purchase
a beverage and then present that same Starbucks Card or Starbucks account in the app to get free
refills of brewed coffee (hot, Iced Coffee or Cold Brew), and tea (hot or iced, not including lemonade)
during the same store visit regardless of the original beverage. Customers without a registered
account may purchase a refill at a reduced price.
Once you leave the store, your visit has ended, and any subsequent coffee or tea refill thereafter
would be considered a new purchase. Refills are not available in the Drive Thru.
I am enrolled in 2-Factor Authentication but am getting an
error. What am I doing wrong?
Published Sep 26, 2022
Check that you have entered the one-time verification code correctly. If the verification code is
correct, try again later. If the problem persists, contact us.
What if I have multiple devices?
Published Sep 26, 2022
If you have more than one device you can be signed into your Starbucks account and use all of the
application features on all your devices at the same time.
What should I do if I change my device and want to move my
Starbucks Card Mobile to my new one?
Published Oct 10, 2022
First, install the Starbucks Card Mobile application onto your new device. Next, sign in with your
Starbucks username and password to add your cards to your new device. If you do not have a
Starbucks account, you will need to reenter the Starbucks Card number and Card Security Code
found on the back of your plastic card in order to add it to your new device. Once you set up your
new device, we will automatically disable your cards from your old device.
arrow_back
Back
How do I re-enable "Touch to Pay" after updating or reinstalling
my Starbucks Card Mobile app?
Published Mar 12, 2023
When you update or reinstall the Starbucks Card Mobile, the “Touch to Pay” button will not
immediately appear until you enable payments within the “Payments” tab. All you have to do to
re-enable “Touch to Pay” is go to the “Payments” tab, click “Try it” and turn on the enable payments
setting. “Touch to Pay” will immediately appear on the “My Cards” screen.
arrow_back
Back
Does ordering ahead require a different app than the standard
Starbucks app?
Published Apr 12, 2023
No. Starbucks only has one app that you can use for all your digital needs, such as ordering ahead,
paying on your phone, and finding Starbucks locations near you.
How do I send a Starbucks Card from the Starbucks Mobile
app? - Video Tutorial
Published Sep 27, 2022
Click here to see a brief video tutorial on sending a Starbucks Card from the Starbucks Mobile app.
arrow_back
Back
Help Home
Topics
Mobile
How do I get my new balance after I pay with my phone?
Published Dec 27, 2022
Your balance will automatically update when you hit the “Touch When Done” button. Additionally, you
can refresh your balance any time by going to the My Cards screen, touching the balance and then
selecting “Refresh Balance” from the menu.
I just tried to log in to my Starbucks app or create an account on
my Android but I am seeing a blank screen. How can I fix this?
Published Oct 26, 2022
So sorry for your experience! Be sure you are using the latest version of the Starbucks® app, then:
If you are running Android 7 (Nougat) or greater:
● Go to Google Playstore > search “Chrome” to find the Chrome application and update to the
latest version.
● Restart the Starbucks app.
For other versions of Android:
● Go to “Google Playstore > search “Android System Webview” and update to the latest
version.
● Restart the Starbucks app.
arrow_back
Back
Help Home
Topics
Mobile
Why did I not get certain promotional offers in my app?
Published Sep 11, 2022
We provide you with offers that are personalized for your Starbucks experience. As a result, the
specifics of our offers vary by customer. While you may not receive a particular offer, there may be
another offer that is personalized for you to take advantage of.
What devices and platforms are supported with 2-Factor
Authentication?
Published Sep 14, 2022
Starbucks offers 2-Factor Authentication support anywhere your account can be accessed.
● iOS or Android smartphones with the Starbucks app installed.
● Starbucks online account – app.starbucks.com.
Help Home
Topics
Mobile
What is 2-Factor Authentication?
Published Sep 14, 2022
2-Factor Authentication may require you to successfully provide a one-time verification code sent to
your phone when enrolling in Starbucks Rewards, entering your username/password at login, or
when making some updates to your personal information in your Starbucks account.
I am having trouble reloading my Starbucks Card online or
through the Starbucks Mobile app. What should I do?
Published Oct 26, 2022
1. Check your billing information.
Ensure that the name and address entered on the Starbucks® Mobile app matches exactly what
your financial institution has on file for you. If you recently moved or changed your name, make sure
to also change it in your billing information.
2. Check your credit card information.
Make sure your credit card is current with a valid expiration date, and you are entering the correct
security code.
If you are still experiencing trouble, contact your financial institution for additional assistance.
Where can I locate my offers in the app?
Published Sep 11, 2022
Current Offers: From the main screen select the Offers icon in the lower right corner.
Past Offers: From the main screen select Inbox in the upper left corner and then Past Offers.
When will my Mobile Order be ready?
Published Sep 11, 2022
When you place your order, you will be given an estimated pick-up time. Once your order has been
placed it cannot be delayed or cancelled.
Learn more about Mobile Order & Pay here.
Having problems using your Starbucks® app?
Published Nov 1, 2022
If your Starbucks® app is no longer working, you may be using an outdated version that is no longer
supported. Please download the latest version of our Starbucks® app.
Download the Starbucks app from the iTunes App Store.
Download the latest Android app from Google Play.
Why do product recommendations show up within the
Starbucks mobile app?
Published Sep 27, 2022
Recommendations are shown to help you easily order and discover food and drink items we think
you will enjoy. The recommendations are tailored for you based on your purchase history through the
Starbucks® app and menu items that are popular among other customers at, or near the store you
selected. So the more you use the Starbucks app, the more personalized the food and drinks
recommended to you will be.
Can I still pay with my app even if I don't have a data
connection?
Published Mar 12, 2023
Yes, your barcode will be available when you open the application. However, you won't be able to
update your Starbucks Card balance, Starbucks® Rewards status, or Star balance until your data
connection is restored.
How do I delete a Starbucks Card in the Starbucks app for
iPhone?
Published Aug 29, 2022
Tap “Scan” > Choose the Card you want to remove, then tap “Manage” > “Garbage Can” icon in the
upper right corner.
If I have joined, activated or opted into an offer through email,
do I have to repeat the same actions for the same offer I see
in the app?
Published Oct 26, 2022
You can choose to join, activate or opt into an offer through either your email or the Starbucks® app.
Once you do so, the specific offer on the Starbucks app will automatically start tracking your
progress towards earning Bonus Stars.
You do not need to take the same actions for the same offer on both your email and mobile.
How do I change my phone number in 2-Factor
Authentication?
Published Sep 4, 2023
You can update or change your phone number in your Security Settings on the Starbucks® app. To
change your Security Settings online go to: Account > Settings > Security > follow prompts to
complete.
I've received a notice in my Starbucks Mobile app or email
asking to protect my account with 2-Factor Authentication.
What is this?
Published Oct 26, 2022
2-Factor Authentication is an additional layer of personal authentication which helps protect your
account information from being compromised. This is similar to other websites that ask you to enter
a one-time verification code sent to your phone in addition to entering a username and password
when accessing your account.
How do I protect my Starbucks account information if I lose my
phone that had the Starbucks mobile app on it?
Published Oct 26, 2022
If you lose your phone, you can report your Starbucks Card as lost or stolen by signing in to your
Starbucks account, selecting "Card management" > Manage > "Report lost or stolen."
It is also recommended that you reset your Starbucks account password > Account > Settings > Edit
(password.)
arrow_back
Back
How do I customize my beverage in the Starbucks Mobile
app? - Video Tutorial
Published Sep 27, 2022
Click here to see a brief video tutorial on customizing your beverage in the Starbucks Mobile app.
I tried to install the Starbucks application on Microsoft Teams
on my phone or tablet but I do not see it?
Published Oct 26, 2022
You must first install the Starbucks® application on your web or desktop version of Microsoft Teams.
Once you have installed the application there, it will then become available on your phone or tablet.
How can I find a Starbucks® location near me?
Published Aug 29, 2022
Check out our Store Finder for a store location near you.
arrow_back
Back
What if someone gets my phone? How do I protect my
information?
Published Oct 10, 2022
To protect the balance on your Starbucks Card, set up a Starbucks Card Account via your device or
at starbucks.com/card. This way if you lose your phone, you can report your lost Starbucks Card
using the procedure for Lost Cards and you'll receive full balance protection. Treat Starbucks Card
Mobile much like you would your other credit and debit cards – if you notice any suspicious activity
on your account please notify Starbucks customer service at 1-800-STARBUC (782-7282).
arrow_back
Back
How do I access Mobile Order & Pay?
Published Sep 11, 2022
Log into your Starbucks® app and select ‘Order’, you will be directed to select a store. From there,
select the items of your choice.
Can I manage my Starbucks Card account on my
smartphone?
Published Aug 29, 2022
You can perform common functions on your device to manage your account.
How can I access my Starbucks Card on my phone if I can’t use
the app?
Published Oct 12, 2022
Go to http://www.starbucks.com in your mobile browser.
Select Sign In. Enter username and password.
Tap Account (upper right corner).
Tap Card Management and the cards on the account will show up.
Tap the Starbucks Card to use for payment and click Scan in store. A barcode will appear for the
store to scan.
arrow_back
Back
What is a verification code?
Published Sep 14, 2022
A verification code is a one-time code you enter as part of the log-in process, or when making
updates to personal information with your Starbucks account as part of Starbucks’ 2-Factor
Authentication. If a verification code is required, you will receive this code by SMS text, SMS link or
voice call. Standard data and message rates may apply. One message will be sent per request.
arrow_back
Back
How can I change the Starbucks Mobile app location service
default?
Published Aug 29, 2022
You can change the Starbucks® app Location Services settings at any point on your mobile device
by going to your device Settings.
For greater control, iOS customers also have the option of selecting “Never”, “When in Use” or
“Always”.
Why do I see a delay in the ‘Opt-In’ offer status being
reflected in the app?
Published Sep 11, 2022
When you opt-in on the last day of the offer period, there may be a delay in reflecting the change of
state from Opt-In to the Offer Tracking state. Eligible purchases during this delay will still count
towards earning Bonus Stars.
I paid with my Starbucks Card using Apple Wallet however the
barista said that the balance on the card is different from what
is displayed.
Published Oct 26, 2022
The Apple Wallet is no longer compatible with the latest Starbucks app and so will not display the
correct information.
You should check your balance and recent transaction history using the Starbucks Mobile App in
order to see the correct information.
How do I enroll in 2-Factor Authentication?
Published Sep 14, 2022
As a new Starbucks® Rewards member, you may be asked to enroll in 2-Factor Authentication at
the time of creating your account by providing your phone number. You can also enroll your primary
phone number by logging into your Starbucks Rewards Account > Settings > Security > 2-Factor
Authentication > and tapping the “turn on” arrow. Once registered, Starbucks will use this phone
number to send one-time verification codes in the case of performing activities in your account that
require additional authentication.
Can I switch between payment options in the Starbucks app?
Can I use and pay with multiple payment methods or
Starbucks Cards and earn Stars?
Published Oct 26, 2022
Yes, you can easily switch between all the different ways to pay in the Starbucks® app at any time.
You can also pay with multiple payment methods as you may have done before, but now you can
earn Stars on the entire purchase at participating stores.
Tell your barista how you’d like to pay, be sure to scan first to earn Stars for purchases with multiple
payment methods. You’ll earn Stars based on how much is spent on a Starbucks Card (2 Stars per
$1) or eligible non-Starbucks Card payment (1 Star per $1) at participating stores.
If two or more members split paying for an order in store, each member will earn Stars for the portion
they pay for as long as they scan the Starbucks app before their respective payment.
Can I have multiple devices linked to my 2-Factor
Authentication?
Published Sep 26, 2022
No. A phone number can only be used with one Starbucks Account. All phone numbers must be
unique.
What is Mobile Order & Pay?
Published Sep 11, 2022
Mobile Order and Pay enables you to place and pay for an order at a nearby participating Starbucks
right from your phone. Your barista will get your order started while you head over.
What should I do if I change my device and want to use the
Starbucks app on my new one?
Published Sep 14, 2022
First, install the Starbucks® app onto your new device from your device’s app store. Next, sign in
with your Starbucks username and password to add your Cards to your new device. If you do not
wish to use the Starbucks app on your old device, log out or delete it.
Why does the Starbucks Mobile app request access to my
contacts?
Published Aug 29, 2022
The Starbucks® app for iPhone® and Android™ request access to your contacts so you can send
Starbucks eGift Cards to contacts, right from your phone. Tap “Gift” to get started.
Where is my credit card information stored?
Published Sep 14, 2022
Your credit card information is stored in your Starbucks Rewards™ account. For added security, you
will be asked to enter your username or email address and password each time you wish to reload.
This way, even if you lose your phone, no one can authorize a reload from your Card without your
username and password.
What do I do if the scanner isn't working and I need to pay with
my Starbuck Card Mobile?
Published Dec 27, 2022
First, make sure that the brightness setting on your device is at a high level. If the scanner still
cannot read your barcode, simply read your Starbucks Card number to the barista. Your Starbucks
Card number can be found right below the barcode.
arrow_back
Back
I can't find my Starbucks Cards in the Starbucks mobile app.
What should I do?
Published Sep 27, 2022
First, ensure that you are signed in the correct Starbucks account in which your Starbucks Cards are
registered. If you are having problems with your Username or Password, go here.
To find your Starbucks Cards on the Starbucks® app for the iPhone®, select “Pay” on the Starbucks
app home page - this will bring you to your primary Starbucks Card. To see other cards registered to
your account, simply swipe right. If you want to see more details about your cards, reload or manage
them, select “Pay” from the Starbucks app home page, and then swipe from right to left.
To find your Starbucks Cards on the Starbucks app for Android™, you will see your primary
Starbucks Card when the app first opens. To see other cards registered to your account, swipe left
or right to view them.
How do SMS text and SMS link one-time verification codes
work for 2-Factor Authentication?
Published Sep 14, 2022
A text message will be sent to your phone number containing a onetime verification code or a
verification link. If you receive a onetime verification code, you will be prompted to enter the code as
soon as you receive it. If you receive a onetime verification link, simply click the link to complete the
verification process. The code or link will expire in five minutes. If expired, you can request an
additional code or link be sent to your phone.
How many times can I add the same modifier to a drink order
when using Mobile Order & Pay?
Published Sep 26, 2022
You can add the same modifier to your beverage up to 12 times. There is no limit to the total number
of unique modifiers you can add to one beverage.
Why did you limit the number of times I can add a single
modifier to my Mobile Order & Pay beverage order?
Published Oct 30, 2022
This change will help create a more consistent experience and allow our partners (employees) to
best craft the customized beverage for our customers.
Why does the Starbucks app request my location?
Published Sep 14, 2022
Your location information is used by the Starbucks® app to ensure you can see accurate store and
menu information, discover the music playing in our stores, and use Mobile Order & Pay. To learn
more, see our Privacy Policy.
How do I change my Default or Primary Card on the
Starbucks app?
Published Sep 27, 2022
Tap “Scan” at the bottom of the app splash page, scroll to the card you want to make your
primary/default Card and select "Make default."
How do I use the Scan Only or Scan & Pay Tabs in the
Starbucks Mobile app? - Video Tutorial
Published Sep 27, 2022
Click here to see a brief video tutorial of the how to use the Scan Only or Scan & Pay tabs in the
Starbucks Mobile app.
How do I place my Starbucks order using Siri?
Published Sep 27, 2022
Click here to see a brief video tutorial of the how to place your Starbucks order using Siri.
How do I choose which store to place my order at with Mobile
Order & Pay?
Published Sep 11, 2022
In the Starbucks® app, select the ‘Order’ icon and you will be taken to the ‘Choose a store’ page
where you can select a nearby participating Starbucks location. After selecting your Starbucks store,
click ‘Order here’ to be taken to the menu selection.
Why don’t I see all the offers that I have previously received in
the “Past Offers” tab?
Published Aug 30, 2022
The "Past Offers" tab only shows the offers you have joined, activated or opted into. If you did not
join, activate or opt into an offer, you will not see the specific offer in the "Past Offers" tab.
Additionally, offers are automatically removed from the Starbucks® app after 90 days.
How do I pick up my Mobile Order & Pay order?
Published Sep 11, 2022
You can pick up your order in the store at the designated area in the store with the marked signage
or in the Drive Thru. (Just let your barista know at the order screen.)
Can I use the Starbucks app on multiple devices?
Published Aug 28, 2022
Yes! You can be signed into your Starbucks account on more than one device at the same time.
Can I purchase Starbucks Cards in bulk at my local Starbucks
store?
Published Sep 14, 2022
To purchase large quantities of Starbucks Cards, it is best to visit our Starbucks Card for Business
website, www.starbuckscardb2b.com. Partners (employees) in our stores are able to help with small
quantity purchases of physical Starbucks Cards, but for the best customer experience, we
recommend using our Starbucks Card for Business website.
What should I do if my Starbucks Card is lost or stolen?
Published Aug 30, 2022
If your Starbucks Card is registered to your Starbucks® Rewards account any remaining balance on
the Starbucks Card will be protected from the time you notify us of its loss.
To report your Starbucks Card lost or stolen, sign into your Starbucks account, select the "Cards"
section and click on the "Manage" to report a Card lost or stolen. We'll freeze your remaining
balance at that time, transfer it to a new Starbucks Card and mail you the replacement.
We cannot physically replace specialty or Limited Edition Starbucks Cards, including Gold Cards.
The replacement Starbucks Card we send to you will be a standard plastic Starbucks Card.
We also cannot replace unregistered Starbucks Cards, or registered Starbucks Cards without a
balance.
arrow_back
Back
Who can I send a Starbucks eGift to within the Starbucks
application on Microsoft Teams?
Published Sep 27, 2022
You can send an eGift to anyone within your organization.
I am getting an error that says the code for 2-Factor
Authentication has expired. What do I do?
Published Sep 26, 2022
You can resend the code by clicking “Resend” in the app.
Once I have installed the Starbucks application on Microsoft
Teams, where do I find it?
Published Aug 29, 2022
Once the application is downloaded, it will appear on your navigation bar. For easy accessibility, you
can pin the app to your navigation bar or the messaging extension window that appears at the
bottom of the chat.
arrow_back
Back
I lost my phone. How can I access my 2-Factor Authentication
account?
Published Sep 26, 2022
If you lost your phone, you will need to contact us at 800-782-7282.
How do I register my Starbucks Card online?
Published Sep 27, 2022
It's easy and only takes a few minutes to join our Starbucks® Rewards program.
A minimum balance of $5 is required to register a Starbucks Card. You'll need your Card's 16-digit
number and the Card Security Code (CSC). This is the 8-digit number that can be found under the
scratch-off coating on the back of your Card, or below the 16-digit number on an eGift.
Feel free to sign up here and register your Card to your account.
What if I do not have a mobile phone to use with 2-Factor
Authentication?
Published Sep 26, 2022
To enroll in 2-Factor you can use either a mobile phone or a landline phone number as your primary
phone number. All customers have the option to receive an automated voice call containing the
one-time verification code instead of receiving a text message.
Can I send an eGift via iMessage to an email address or
someone with an Android?
Published Aug 29, 2022
Yes, but if the recipient is a non-iOS 10 or higher device user, they will receive a URL linking to their
eGift as opposed to seeing the gift card within their text messages.
Can I cash out my Starbucks Card?
Published Aug 22, 2022
Under the laws in certain states, you may redeem the cash value of your Starbucks® Card under a
certain dollar amount.
Cash redemptions of Starbucks Cards in California for $9.99 or less and Oregon for $4.99 or less
are now processed online. Please visit the Starbucks Card Redemption for more information.
If you live in a state other than California or Oregon, please call us at 800-STARBUC (782-7282) for
more information.
Do I need to have the Starbucks application installed on
Microsoft Teams to receive a Starbucks eGift?
Published Oct 30, 2022
No, you do not need the Starbucks application within Microsoft Teams to receive an eGift.
arrow_back
Back
How do I reload my Starbucks Card?
Published Sep 27, 2022
You can reload your Starbucks Card many ways including:
1. At participating Starbucks locations.
2. By visiting our card page.
3. Through the Starbucks® App for iPhone® or Android™
Auto Reload questions? We can help you here.
Trouble reloading? We can help you here.
I was a Starbucks® Rewards Visa® cardholder. How will the
closing of the card impact my Star accrual and expiration?
Published Jul 19, 2023
If you remained a Starbucks Rewards Visa cardholder through July 20, 2023, you will receive 400
Bonus Stars, which will be deposited to your Starbucks Rewards account by August 31, 2023. You
will also maintain your no-expiration status through January 2024. Stars earned through January
2024 will expire on August 1, 2024. For more information, please refer to the full FAQ located here.
I was a Starbucks® Rewards Visa® cardholder. How will the
closing of the card impact my Star accrual and expiration?
Published Jul 19, 2023
If you remained a Starbucks Rewards Visa cardholder through July 20, 2023, you will receive 400
Bonus Stars, which will be deposited to your Starbucks Rewards account by August 31, 2023. You
will also maintain your no-expiration status through January 2024. Stars earned through January
2024 will expire on August 1, 2024. For more information, please refer to the full FAQ located here.
Can I send an eGift within a Microsoft Teams 1:1 chat,
meeting chat, group chat or a channel?
Published Sep 27, 2022
Yes, you can send an eGift in a 1:1 chat, meeting chat, group chat or a channel. However, at this
time you will only be able to send one eGift at a time.
How can I transfer the balance from one Starbucks Card to
another?
Published Sep 27, 2022
To transfer balances of $5 or more from one Starbucks Card to another, visit a participating
Starbucks retail location or login to your Starbucks Account on the app or website.
On the website, sign in to your Starbucks account and then select "Account" > "Card Management"
and then "Manage".
In the Starbucks® app for iPhone® and Android™, select the face icon in the upper right-hand
corner of the home screen and then "Starbucks Cards & payment" under the Profile header.
Can I use my primary phone number for various Starbucks
2-Factor Authentication accounts?
Published Sep 26, 2022
No, your primary phone number will be unique for your account.
How do I remove a card from Apple Wallet?
Published Mar 12, 2023
Removing a Card from Wallet is simple, launch your Wallet app and find the Card you want to
remove, tap the “I” icon in the lower right of the screen to flip your pass for additional options.
Removing the Card can be done from the back of the pass. Deleting a pass from Wallet can only be
done through the Wallet.
Where do I find my Starbucks Cards in the app?
Published Sep 26, 2022
Tap “Scan” at the bottom of the main screen. This will bring you to your default Starbucks® Card. To
see other Cards registered to your account, simply swipe left.
I have a Teavana gift card, what should I do?
Published Sep 14, 2022
If your card number begins with 6098 or 6099, you can redeem at your local Starbucks store. You
can also check your card balance information here.
If your card number begins with 603571 or 80000, please us call at 800-782-7282 and we'll issue
you a replacement gift card, redeemable at Starbucks store locations.
How do I add, change or remove my mobile phone in 2-Factor
Authentication?
Published Sep 26, 2022
You can add, change, or un-enroll your phone number for 2-Factor Authentication through the
Starbucks app or on the web through your Starbucks online account.
I have questions about my Starbucks Rewards Visa Card.
Where can I find answers?
Published Jul 19, 2023
The Starbucks® Rewards Visa® program ended on 7/20/2023. For more information, please refer to
the FAQ below:
● Where can I see the Stars earned through purchases and reloads with my Starbucks
Rewards™ Visa® Card?
● Do my Stars expire?
● What are Stars and how do I earn them?
● Will I earn Stars when I travel? What currency will be used to calculate the Stars I earn?
● Has the Starbucks® Rewards Visa® program ended?
● I was a Starbucks® Rewards Visa® cardholder. How will the closing of the card impact my
Star accrual and expiration?
● I have not yet received Stars related to purchases made on my Starbucks® Rewards Visa®
card.
● I have not received the 400 Bonus Stars associated with the closing of the Starbucks®
Rewards Visa® program.
● I have questions about my Starbucks® Rewards Visa® card that are not answered here –
what other resources are available?
For Chase account specific questions and questions regarding the migration of your Chase account
to a different program, please refer to the letter sent by Chase in April, 2023, the FAQs posted on
Chase’s website, or call Chase at 1-800-553-0771.
I need help with my eGift (digital Starbucks card) or eGift
purchase.
Published Mar 12, 2023
If you want to check your balance, resend an eGift, view eGifts, or get a deliver status, follow this link
to use our eGift self service site.
What is Auto Reload? How do I set up or change Auto Reload
settings on my Starbucks Card?
Published Sep 27, 2022
Auto Reload allows you to set an amount on your registered Starbucks® Card to reload when the
balance falls below a set amount you choose.
You can set up Auto Reload or change your Auto Reload settings by doing the following:
1. Online: Login into your Starbucks account and select "Manage".
2. Mobile app: Select the face icon in the upper right-hand corner > Starbucks card & payment >
select the Card you wish to Auto Reload > Turn On.
Where can I see the Stars earned through purchases and
reloads with my Starbucks Rewards™ Visa® Card?
Published Jul 19, 2023
You may view eligible transactions and corresponding Stars earned after signing into your account
on Chase.com. Stars earned through the Starbucks Rewards Visa Card will be added to your
Starbucks Rewards™ account at the end of your monthly statement. After they are deposited to your
Starbucks Rewards account, you will see them in your Star history, labeled "Starbucks Rewards Visa
Card - Monthly Purchases."
Please note, the Starbucks® Rewards Visa® program ended on 7/20/2023. For more
information, please refer to the full FAQ located here.
arrow_back
Back
Do my Stars expire?
Published Jul 19, 2023
The Stars you collect towards Rewards will expire after 6 months. Starbucks will always apply the
oldest Stars towards any Rewards you redeem regardless of the tier. For example, if you earn 10
Stars on June 16 and 15 Stars on June 24, the Stars earned on June 16 will be used first when you
redeem Stars for a Reward. You can view your Stars expiring soon in the Rewards section when
logged into your account.
Please note, the Starbucks® Rewards Visa® program ended on July 20, 2023. Members with a
Starbucks Rewards Visa Card associated with their account on July 20, 2023 will maintain
their no-expiration status through January 2024. Stars earned through January 2024 will
expire on August 1, 2024. For more information, please refer to the full FAQ located here.
What are Stars and how do I earn them?
Published Jul 19, 2023
Stars are the loyalty currency you earn as a member of Starbucks® Rewards that can be redeemed
for Rewards such as free or discounted items at Starbucks. There are several ways to earn Stars:
1. In-Store Transactions and In-App
You can earn one (1) Star per $1 spent when you pay with cash, credit/debit cards, or mobile wallets
at participating stores - you must either first scan your Member barcode before paying or link eligible
payments to your app.
You can earn two (2) Stars per $1 spent when you pay with a preloaded Starbucks Card - you must
either register the Starbucks Card to your account or first scan your Member barcode before paying.
Purchases of alcoholic beverages, Starbucks Cards and Starbucks Card reloads are excluded.
Taxes, tips, donations, and fees are also excluded. Stars will not be earned when paying with a
Service Recovery Card or a Starbucks Store Credit Card.
2. Bonus Stars
You can earn Bonus Stars through Double Star Days, games, and personalized offers. Be sure to
opt-in to receive these offers by email or in the Starbucks app. The number of Bonus Stars varies
with each offer.
Has the Starbucks® Rewards Visa® program ended?
Published Jul 19, 2023
Yes, the Starbucks Rewards Visa program ended on July 20, 2023.
For Chase account specific questions and questions regarding the migration of your Chase account
to a different program, please refer to the letter sent by Chase in April 2023, the FAQs posted on
Chase’s website, or call Chase at 1-800-553-0771.
arrow_back
Back
I was a Starbucks® Rewards Visa® cardholder. How will the
closing of the card impact my Star accrual and expiration?
Published Jul 19, 2023
If you remained a Starbucks Rewards Visa cardholder through July 20, 2023, you will receive 400
Bonus Stars, which will be deposited to your Starbucks Rewards account by August 31, 2023. You
will also maintain your no-expiration status through January 2024. Stars earned through January
2024 will expire on August 1, 2024. For more information, please refer to the full FAQ located here.
I have not yet received Stars related to purchases made on
my Starbucks® Rewards Visa® card.
Published Jul 19, 2023
All Stars earned from purchases made on your Starbucks Rewards Visa card should appear in your
Star balance by August 31, 2023. If you believe you have earned Stars through the Starbucks
Rewards Visa card and they have not appeared by September 1, 2023 – please call us at
1-800-782-7282.
I have not received the 400 Bonus Stars associated with the
closing of the Starbucks® Rewards Visa® program.
Published Jul 19, 2023
All Stars earned from your Starbucks Rewards Visa card should appear in your Star balance by
August 31, 2023.
If you remained a Starbucks Rewards Visa cardholder through July 20, 2023, you are eligible to
receive 400 Bonus Stars. You will also maintain your no-expiration status through January 2024.
Stars earned through January 2024 will expire on August 1, 2024. For more information, please refer
to the full FAQ located here.
If you did not receive the 400 Bonus Stars by August 31, 2023, it is possible you closed your
Starbucks Rewards Visa card before July 19, 2023. Closing your card before July 19, 2023 would
make you ineligible for the Bonus Stars.
If you did not close your card and did not receive Bonus Stars, please call us at 1-800-782-7282.
arrow_back
Back
I have questions about my Starbucks® Rewards Visa® card
that are not answered here – what other resources are
available?
Published Apr 24, 2023
For Chase account specific questions and questions regarding the migration of your Chase account
to a different program, please refer to the letter sent by Chase in April 2023, the FAQs posted on
Chase’s website, or call Chase at 1-800-553-0771.
For questions related to your Starbucks® Rewards account, please call Starbucks at
1-800-782-7282.
Once I have signed up for auto-reload, when can I expect
reloads to occur?
Published Oct 17, 2022
Your reload will occur the day after your balance dips to or below the minimum amount you
specified. For example, if you chose $10 as your minimum balance, and your balance drops to or
below that amount at 10:00 a.m. on Monday, your Card will not be reloaded until Tuesday. At this
time, amount-based reloads take place once a day, usually by close of business Pacific Time.
arrow_back
Back
Can I reload my Starbucks Card on my phone?
Published Aug 29, 2022
Yes you can! You can reload on your phone if you have the Starbucks® app.
If you do not have the app yet, you can download it by going to the Apple App Store for iPhone®, or
Google Play if you have an Android™ device.
arrow_back
Back
Can I send an eGift in Microsoft Teams to people in other
countries?
Published Sep 27, 2022
The Starbucks® application in Microsoft Teams is available for use in the U.S. and Canada. Should
you attempt to send a Starbucks eGift to someone outside of the U.S or Canada, the recipient will
not be able to redeem their eGift.
How often will the card designs change within Microsoft
Teams?
Published Sep 27, 2022
Starbucks Card designs will be refreshed regularly for all your gifting needs!
How will I know that my Starbucks eGift was sent in Microsoft
Teams?
Published Sep 27, 2022
Once you send a Starbucks eGift in Microsoft Teams you will receive a receipt of your purchase to
the email address connected to your Microsoft Teams account. You will also receive a notification
from the Starbucks bot within Microsoft Teams.
Do I need to have a Starbucks Rewards account to send a
Starbucks eGift within the Starbucks application on Microsoft
Teams?
Published Oct 26, 2022
Yes, once the application is downloaded, you will need to sign into your Starbucks® Rewards
account (or create one).
I have questions about my Starbucks® Rewards Visa® card
that are not answered here – what other resources are
available?
Published Apr 24, 2023
For Chase account specific questions and questions regarding the migration of your Chase account
to a different program, please refer to the letter sent by Chase in April 2023, the FAQs posted on
Chase’s website, or call Chase at 1-800-553-0771.
For questions related to your Starbucks® Rewards account, please call Starbucks at
1-800-782-7282.
arrow_back
Back
Sending and Receiving an eGift in Microsoft Teams -
Frequently Asked Questions
Published Sep 29, 2022
The Starbucks Card gifting app is now available in Microsoft Teams!
Frequently Asked Questions
● Once I have installed the Starbucks App on Microsoft Teams, where do I find it?
○ Once the app is downloaded, it will appear on your navigation bar. For easy
accessibility, you can pin the app to your navigation bar or the messaging extension
window that appears at the bottom of the chat.
● I tried to install the Starbucks App on Microsoft Teams on my phone or tablet and I do not
see it?
○ You must first install the Starbucks App on your web or desktop instance of Microsoft
Teams. Once you have installed the app there it will then become available on your
phone or tablet.
● Do I need to have a Starbucks Rewards account to send a Starbucks eGift within the
Starbucks App on Microsoft Teams?
○ Yes, once the app is downloaded, you will need to sign in to your Starbucks Rewards
account (or create one).
● Do I need to have the Starbucks App installed on Microsoft Teams to receive a Starbucks
eGift?
○ No, you do not need the Starbucks App within Microsoft Teams to receive an eGift.
● Who can I send a Starbucks eGift to within the Starbucks App on Microsoft Teams?
○ You can send an eGift to anyone within your organization.
● Can I send an eGift within a Microsoft Teams 1:1 chat, meeting chat, group chat or a
channel?
○ Yes, you can send an eGift in a 1:1 chat, meeting chat, group chat or a channel.
However, at this time you will only be able to send one eGift at a time.
● When I sent an eGift to someone a message popped up about adding Starbucks to the chat,
what does this mean?
○ This feature allows the Starbucks eGift recipient to receive and redeem their
Starbucks eGift without having to download the app.
● I am trying to add a new payment method to my Starbucks Rewards account but I do not see
the new payment method in Microsoft Teams?
○ Once a new payment method has been added, you will need to refresh the Microsoft
Teams page for the payment to appear. Additionally, at this time the Starbucks App
within Microsoft Teams only supports credit and debit card payments and does not
support PayPal, Apple Pay or Starbucks Cards - these payment types will not show
in the payment options in Microsoft Teams.
● How will I know that my Starbucks eGift was sent?
○ Once you have sent a Starbucks eGift in Microsoft Teams you will receive a receipt
of your purchase to the email address connected to your Microsoft Teams account.
You will also receive a notification from the Starbucks bot within Microsoft Teams.
● I received a eGift in Microsoft Teams, how do I access it?
○ You will receive a notification within the chat that you have received the eGift.
Additionally, you will receive a notification from the Starbucks bot with your gift
message. This notification will include links to 'Redeem' or 'Say Thanks'.
● I tried to select 'redeem' on the eGift I received in Microsoft Teams but I received an error?
○ At this time Internet Explorer is not currently available for redemption of Starbucks
eGifts within Microsoft Teams. Please try to change your browser settings to a
different browser and try again.
● How often will the card designs change within Microsoft Teams?
○ Starbucks Card designs will be refreshed regularly for all your gifting needs!
● Can I send an eGift in Microsoft Teams to people in other countries?
○ The Starbucks App in Microsoft Teams is available for use in the U.S. and Canada.
Should you attempt to send a Starbucks eGift to someone outside of the U.S or
Canada, the recipient will not be able to redeem their eGift.
How do I unenroll from 2-Factor Authentication?
Published Sep 26, 2022
You can unenroll your phone number in your Security Settings by going to Settings > 2-Factor
Authentication > and tapping the Unenroll button.
I received an eGift in Microsoft Teams, how do I access it?
Published Aug 28, 2022
You will receive a notification within the chat that you have received the eGift. Additionally, you will
receive a notification from the Starbucks bot with your gift message. This notification will include
links to 'Redeem' or 'Say Thanks'.
arrow_back
Back
How can I purchase a physical Starbucks Card online?
Published Aug 29, 2022
Physical Starbucks® Cards can no longer be purchased on Starbucks.com. You can, however,
purchase an eGift (a digital Starbucks Card) on www.starbucks.com/gift. eGifts may also be
purchased in the Starbucks app by selecting the Gift icon at the bottom of the splash page upon
opening the app.
If you wish to still purchase a physical Starbucks Card, you can do so by visiting Starbucks retail
stores, various grocery, drug, and mass merchandise stores (including Safeway, Target, and
Albertsons) as well as online at Amazon.com.
I tried to select 'redeem' on the eGift I received in Microsoft
Teams, but I received an error?
Published Sep 27, 2022
Currently Internet Explorer is not available for redemption of Starbucks eGifts within Microsoft
Teams. Please change your browser settings to a different browser and try again.
How many Starbucks Cards can I register to my
Starbucks.com account?
Published Sep 27, 2022
You can register an unlimited number of Starbucks Cards to your Starbucks.com account, including
seasonal and mini cards, and eGifts. However, you may have only one Starbucks.com account.
Can I order multiple Starbucks Cards for employees, clients or
customers?
Published Sep 11, 2022
Yes, contact our Corporate Sales team to order 15 or more Starbucks® Cards. Visit our Starbucks
Card Corporate Sales site for more information.
Can I consolidate my Starbucks Card balances?
Published Sep 14, 2022
You can consolidate your Starbucks Card balances anywhere in the Starbucks® app or website
where you can view or manage your Starbucks Cards.
I am trying to enroll in 2-Factor Authentication but am getting
an error. What am I doing wrong?
Published Sep 26, 2022
Check that you entered the correct phone number. To check this, go to Settings > 2-Factor
Authentication > Phone number.
When I sent an eGift to someone, a message popped up
about adding Starbucks to the chat, what does this mean?
Published Oct 26, 2022
This feature allows the Starbucks eGift recipient to receive and redeem their Starbucks eGift without
having to download the application.
Why is my Starbucks Card balance not updating immediately
in Apple Wallet?
Published Mar 12, 2023
Your balance will automatically refresh every 4 hours. If you would like to manually refresh it, view
the Starbucks Card in Wallet and use the pull-to-refresh gesture.
Why is Starbucks using 2-Factor Authentication?
Published Sep 26, 2022
Starbucks is introducing new ways to help protect your account. As passwords can be compromised,
2-Factor Authentication is an additional layer of personal authentication which helps protect your
account information from being compromised.
Is a Starbucks store credit card the same as Starbucks Card?
Published Feb 28, 2023
No. If you received a Starbucks® store credit card it is not the same as a Starbucks Card.
A Starbucks store credit card is issued after a qualifying return is made and money is refunded. You
keep the Stars originally earned from the purchase made with your registered Starbucks Card.
However, you will not be able to earn additional Stars by using a Starbucks store credit card.
This card cannot be registered or reloaded for additional value.
How do I return or refund my eGift purchase?
Published Aug 29, 2022
For assistance refunding your eGift purchase, please reach out to eGift Customer Support.
How do I add a Starbucks Card to my Apple Wallet?
Published Sep 27, 2022
You can add your Starbucks Card to your Apple Wallet (formerly known as “Passbook”) right from
your Starbucks® app for iPhone®.
1. Tap “Pay”.
2. Choose which Card you wish to add, then tap “Manage” and “Add to Passbook”.
I received an eGift with the iMessage app about a month ago
and now I can't find it in my text history.
Published Oct 30, 2022
Your eGift is searchable by "Starbucks gift card".
Where can I use my Starbucks Card?
Published Aug 29, 2022
Starbucks® Cards issued in the U.S. or Canada are accepted at most Starbucks locations in North
America, including airport and grocery locations. Starbucks Cards can also be used interchangeably
at most stores in the U.S., Canada, Puerto Rico, United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia and Mexico.
arrow_back
Back
Can I purchase Starbucks Cards in bulk?
Published Aug 29, 2022
Yes! To purchase a large quantity of Starbucks Cards at once, please visit our Starbucks Card for
Business website, www.starbuckscardb2b.com. We can accommodate orders for as few as 15
Starbucks Cards.
How do I check my Starbucks Card balance?
Published Aug 29, 2022
There are a few ways you can check your balance:
• Visit our Card page and enter your Card Number and Security Code.
• Visit our Reward page and sign into your Starbucks account, go to "Card management" and
select the Card you wish to view the balance on.
• From the Starbucks app for iPhone® or Android®: Select the "Scan" tab to view balances on all
of the Cards associated with your Starbucks Rewards account.
If I submit a request to cash out my Starbucks Card online, what
happens if the balance of the Card changes?
Published Oct 26, 2022
If you submit a request and the gift card balance changes but still meets the requirements, you will
receive a check for the new amount. For California residents, should the gift card balance become
$10 or greater or $0, a check will not be sent. For Oregon residents, should the gift card balance
become $5 or greater or $0, a check will not be sent.
arrow_back
Back
Can I return a Starbucks Card that I purchased or received as
a gift?
Published Sep 27, 2022
If you have a Starbucks Card that hasn't been used, you may return it by calling 1-800-STARBUC
(782-7282). You'll be asked to provide the original receipt. If it was a gift you will still need the original
receipt to get a refund.
When will users need to use 2-Factor Authentication?
Published Sep 26, 2022
Starbucks will use 2-Factor Authentication before you can make changes to some personal
information within your account such as updating your primary phone number or at the point of
log-in.
arrow_back
Back
I bought an eGift with the iMessage app but didn't send it.
Where can I find it and how do I send it?
Published Mar 12, 2023
If you go to the eGifts within the iMessage app, your unsent eGifts can be seen at the very top of the
eGift assortment under "Ready to Send". You can then select the unsent eGift and send to the
desired recipient.
Why should I register my Starbucks Card at Starbucks.com?
Published Sep 27, 2022
Registering your Starbucks Card signs you up for Starbucks® Rewards so you can earn Stars and
get rewarded. This is only offered in the United States and Canada.
You also protect the balance of your Card if it's lost or stolen. With a registered Card, you can
manage your account in a variety of ways online. For example, you can check your balance or
reload your Card.
arrow_back
Back
Can I redeem my Stars for Rewards in Canada?
Published Sep 14, 2022
Yes, Stars earned in the U.S. can be redeemed in a participating store in Canada, however the
Rewards available and the Star redemption tiers may vary. If you are using Mobile Order & Pay, you
can only redeem a Reward in the country the Starbucks® Rewards account is registered in.
Currently the Canadian tiers are: (25, 50, 150, 250, 400 Stars). Star values for a Reward will be
based on the country you are in when making the redemption.
arrow_back
Back
What is Starbucks Odyssey?
Published Mar 12, 2023
Starbucks Odyssey is a new experience that offers Starbucks Rewards members the opportunity to
explore activities and earn and purchase collectible stamps to unlock new benefits and interactive
experiences. Starbucks customers and partners can join the waitlist.
More information can be found by visiting Starbucks Stories
arrow_back
Back
What are my benefits as a Starbucks Rewards member?
Published Aug 29, 2022
Upon joining, you will receive the following benefits:
• A Birthday Reward just for you. To qualify for the Birthday Reward, you must have made at least
one Star-earning transaction using your registered Starbucks Card. See Terms for details.
• Free refills on hot or iced brewed coffee or tea (excludes Iced Tea Lemonade and Teavana®
Shaken Iced Teas Infusions) purchased with your registered Starbucks Card or with the Starbucks®
app during the same store visit at participating Starbucks locations.
• Special member offers by email and in the Starbucks® app. Be sure to download our app or opt in
to receive promotional emails from Starbucks to receive these special offers.
• Balance protection for your Starbucks Card if it is lost or stolen.
• Rewards starting at 25 stars. You can check your Star balance online through your Starbucks
account, or on the Starbucks app. At participating stores. Not all stores honor tiered Rewards. See
Terms for details.
• Double Star Days: Starbucks chooses days where you can earn twice as many Stars on all
qualifying in-store purchases.
• See Terms for more information.
I heard Starbucks recently made updates to Starbucks Rewards
and the Starbucks app. What changed?
Published Apr 6, 2023
We’ve improved Starbucks® Rewards and the Starbucks® app by giving our Members more ways to
pay and more ways to get rewarded. Members using the app can earn Stars by paying directly with
credit/debit cards, cash and select mobile wallets without having to preload at participating stores.
Members paying these ways will earn 1 Star per $1.
arrow_back
Back
I have not yet received Stars related to purchases made on my
Starbucks® Rewards Visa® card.
Published Jul 19, 2023
All Stars earned from purchases made on your Starbucks Rewards Visa card should appear in your
Star balance by August 31, 2023. If you believe you have earned Stars through the Starbucks
Rewards Visa card and they have not appeared by September 1, 2023 – please call us at
1-800-782-7282.
arrow_back
Back
I forgot to scan before I paid for my order. Can I still get
Stars?
Published Aug 29, 2022
Unfortunately, there is no way to get Stars for a purchase you already made if you did not first scan
the Member barcode in your app or pay with a linked payment through the app. Be sure to scan next
time!
Pro-tip: you can scan at any time when you're at the register, as long as it's before you pay!
What are Starbucks Odyssey "digital collectible stamps"?
Published Mar 12, 2023
Each digital collectible stamp that the member collects will be owned by the member, and therefore
be bought and sold on the marketplace.
The digital collectible stamps will be powered by NFT technology. More details will be shared about
the marketplace in the future.
More information can be found by visiting Starbucks Stories
My email is being used by another account. What should I do?
Published Aug 29, 2022
There are a number of reasons the email could be in use by another account:
You have multiple accounts with the same email address.
The email on your account might be your junk email address.
The email address on file is not accurate.
Someone may have accidentally created an account with your email address.
What you can do:
If you have multiple accounts with the same email address, please enter a new email address to be
used. We require one unique email address per account.
If your email on file is not accurate, log into your account, and change it in your contact information.
If you think someone other than yourself created an account with your email address, please contact
us.
arrow_back
Back
How are Stars calculated?
Published Sep 14, 2022
Your change counts towards partial Stars at participating stores. We’ll keep track of all your partial
Stars and apply them to your total Stars.
For example, if you spend $6.20 using your Starbucks Card (not including tax, tips, alcohol or other
exceptions), you’ll earn 12.40 Stars. The .40 is not always visible (we like to keep things simple), but
you can always view your Stars and purchase history when you sign in here.
arrow_back
Back
Why did I not get my Bonus Stars?
Published Aug 29, 2022
Please allow up to 24 hours for Stars to be added to your account after making a qualifying
purchase. If 24 hours have passed, try refreshing your app to update your balance of Stars.
Did you receive an email with an offer directly from Starbucks?
Starbucks® Rewards offers are personalized just for you. If you didn’t receive an email directly from
Starbucks, you likely were not eligible to participate to earn the Bonus Stars. If you are a Starbucks®
Rewards member you will receive your own personalized offers from us by email or in your
Starbucks® app.
Have you checked your email offer for the Star award date?
Please check the email you received to find the date the Stars were to be awarded to your account.
For many offers, the Stars will appear in your account within 24 hours. However, there are some
offers where the Stars are not awarded until a later date. In addition, some offers will have a final
step where you will receive an email with a Star Code that you have to enter into your account to
redeem the Stars. Also, remember to check your email and spam filters to make sure you are
receiving all of your emails from Starbucks.
Did the email instruct you to opt in to participate?
Please refer to the email offer you received. If there was a Join Now or Activate Offer link or button in
your original email and you didn’t opt in by clicking on it, then you were not recognized as a
participant in the offer and no Bonus Stars would have been awarded.
Did You meet the purchase qualifications for the offer?
Please check your history online or in the app to make sure the timing qualified you for the offer. For
example, an offer might have been for a purchase made after 2 p.m.
Note that for offers where you need to earn multiple Stars to qualify for Bonus Stars, only Stars
earned from a purchase at a participating store will count towards the offer. Bonus Stars earned from
other offers or surveys do not qualify.
arrow_back
Back
Why did I not get my Bonus Stars?
Published Aug 29, 2022
Please allow up to 24 hours for Stars to be added to your account after making a qualifying
purchase. If 24 hours have passed, try refreshing your app to update your balance of Stars.
Did you receive an email with an offer directly from Starbucks?
Starbucks® Rewards offers are personalized just for you. If you didn’t receive an email directly from
Starbucks, you likely were not eligible to participate to earn the Bonus Stars. If you are a Starbucks®
Rewards member you will receive your own personalized offers from us by email or in your
Starbucks® app.
Have you checked your email offer for the Star award date?
Please check the email you received to find the date the Stars were to be awarded to your account.
For many offers, the Stars will appear in your account within 24 hours. However, there are some
offers where the Stars are not awarded until a later date. In addition, some offers will have a final
step where you will receive an email with a Star Code that you have to enter into your account to
redeem the Stars. Also, remember to check your email and spam filters to make sure you are
receiving all of your emails from Starbucks.
Did the email instruct you to opt in to participate?
Please refer to the email offer you received. If there was a Join Now or Activate Offer link or button in
your original email and you didn’t opt in by clicking on it, then you were not recognized as a
participant in the offer and no Bonus Stars would have been awarded.
Did You meet the purchase qualifications for the offer?
Please check your history online or in the app to make sure the timing qualified you for the offer. For
example, an offer might have been for a purchase made after 2 p.m.
Note that for offers where you need to earn multiple Stars to qualify for Bonus Stars, only Stars
earned from a purchase at a participating store will count towards the offer. Bonus Stars earned from
other offers or surveys do not qualify.
Will Starbucks Rewards be recognized at all Starbucks
stores?
Published Sep 14, 2022
Starbucks® Rewards benefits vary from store to store. Not all Starbucks stores offer the Starbucks
Rewards program or offer the same Star earn options or Star redemption capabilities. While you can
earn Stars at nearly all Starbucks locations with a Starbucks Card, certain ways to pay and earn
Stars, and certain promotions can only be awarded for purchases made at participating locations.
Most Starbucks stores can award Bonus Stars while some store locations or kiosks may not offer
this benefit.
In addition, there are select Starbucks locations where you can redeem 150 Stars for a food or
beverage item only. Starbucks Rewards also may be limited at our Starbucks® Reserve and
Roastery locations. While you can earn Stars for your purchases at these locations when you pay
with your registered Starbucks Card (excluding purchases of alcoholic beverages), you cannot yet
redeem your Stars in these locations or earn Stars when you pay with cash, credit/debit, or mobile
wallets.
What are Bonus Stars?
Published Aug 29, 2022
Periodically, you may have the opportunity to earn Bonus Stars, generally through member-exclusive
offers. Starbucks® Rewards offers are often specific to our members' preferences, so you may see
offers with details that are tailored just for you.
For most offers, the Bonus Stars will appear in your account within 24 hours. However, there are
some offers in which the Bonus Stars are not awarded until a later date. Remember to check your
email and spam filters to make sure you are receiving all of your emails from Starbucks.
arrow_back
Back
How many Rewards can I redeem for?
Published Sep 14, 2022
You can redeem one Reward per item. At this time, Rewards are not able to be stacked. For
example, when redeeming 150 Stars for a handcrafted drink (e.g., a latte), customizations like soy
beverage or extra syrup are always included as part of your 150 Star Reward. (Go ahead and add
that extra shot and caramel drizzle, we won't tell!)
arrow_back
Back
Can more than one person share an account?
Published Sep 27, 2022
No. Rewards within that account cannot be transferred to another account and cannot be shared
with family members, friends or others at this time.
Where can I see the Stars earned through purchases and
reloads with my Starbucks Rewards™ Visa® Card?
Published Jul 19, 2023
You may view eligible transactions and corresponding Stars earned after signing into your account
on Chase.com. Stars earned through the Starbucks Rewards Visa Card will be added to your
Starbucks Rewards™ account at the end of your monthly statement. After they are deposited to your
Starbucks Rewards account, you will see them in your Star history, labeled "Starbucks Rewards Visa
Card - Monthly Purchases."
Please note, the Starbucks® Rewards Visa® program ended on 7/20/2023. For more
information, please refer to the full FAQ located here.
What items are not eligible to earn Stars on?
Published Sep 27, 2022
You cannot earn Stars on other card-to-card transactions with your Starbucks® Card such as
activations, reloads, or transfers. In most stores, alcohol, taxes, tips, donations and fees are also
excluded and ineligible for Star accrual.
Do my Stars expire?
Published Jul 19, 2023
The Stars you collect towards Rewards will expire after 6 months. Starbucks will always apply the
oldest Stars towards any Rewards you redeem regardless of the tier. For example, if you earn 10
Stars on June 16 and 15 Stars on June 24, the Stars earned on June 16 will be used first when you
redeem Stars for a Reward. You can view your Stars expiring soon in the Rewards section when
logged into your account.
Please note, the Starbucks® Rewards Visa® program ended on July 20, 2023. Members with a
Starbucks Rewards Visa Card associated with their account on July 20, 2023 will maintain
their no-expiration status through January 2024. Stars earned through January 2024 will
expire on August 1, 2024. For more information, please refer to the full FAQ located here.
arrow_back
Back
Do my Stars expire?
Published Jul 19, 2023
The Stars you collect towards Rewards will expire after 6 months. Starbucks will always apply the
oldest Stars towards any Rewards you redeem regardless of the tier. For example, if you earn 10
Stars on June 16 and 15 Stars on June 24, the Stars earned on June 16 will be used first when you
redeem Stars for a Reward. You can view your Stars expiring soon in the Rewards section when
logged into your account.
Please note, the Starbucks® Rewards Visa® program ended on July 20, 2023. Members with a
Starbucks Rewards Visa Card associated with their account on July 20, 2023 will maintain
their no-expiration status through January 2024. Stars earned through January 2024 will
expire on August 1, 2024. For more information, please refer to the full FAQ located here.
arrow_back
Back
I am trying to add a new payment method to my Starbucks
Rewards account, but I do not see the new payment method in
Microsoft Teams?
Published Oct 26, 2022
Once a new payment method has been added, you will need to refresh the Microsoft Teams page for
the payment application to appear. Additionally, at this time the Starbucks application within
Microsoft Teams only supports credit and debit card payments and does not support PayPal, Apple
Pay or Starbucks Cards - these payment types will not show in the payment options in Microsoft
Teams.
arrow_back
Back
What if my Star balance doesn’t look right? How long does it
take for my Stars to appear?
Published Apr 25, 2023
If your Star balance doesn’t seem right, check History in your account online or in your Starbucks
Mobile app. Note that Stars earned for purchases can take up to 24 hours to appear.
For Bonus Star details please see here.
arrow_back
Back
What are Double Star Days and how do I participate?
Published Aug 29, 2022
Double Star Days are a special benefit where you can collect double the amount of Stars. You can
earn four (4) Stars for every $1 spent on all eligible purchases when paying with your registered
Starbucks Card at participating Starbucks® stores and two (2) Stars for every $1 spent on all eligible
purchases when paying with cash, credit/debit, and mobile wallets at participating Starbucks stores.
Be sure to opt-in to email to make sure you know when a Double Star Day is coming. You may also
be notified of a Double Star Day in our mobile app.
You may be required to “activate” your Double Star Day by clicking within the notification email or the
notification within the Starbucks app, so be sure to opt in to receive promotional and marketing
emails from Starbucks or download the Starbucks app.
arrow_back
Back
What are Double Star Days and how do I participate?
Published Aug 29, 2022
Double Star Days are a special benefit where you can collect double the amount of Stars. You can
earn four (4) Stars for every $1 spent on all eligible purchases when paying with your registered
Starbucks Card at participating Starbucks® stores and two (2) Stars for every $1 spent on all eligible
purchases when paying with cash, credit/debit, and mobile wallets at participating Starbucks stores.
Be sure to opt-in to email to make sure you know when a Double Star Day is coming. You may also
be notified of a Double Star Day in our mobile app.
You may be required to “activate” your Double Star Day by clicking within the notification email or the
notification within the Starbucks app, so be sure to opt in to receive promotional and marketing
emails from Starbucks or download the Starbucks app.
arrow_back
Back
Why aren’t all my Starbucks® Rewards offers appearing in
the mobile app?
Published Sep 27, 2022
We are constantly experimenting with new features to improve the experience for our customers. As
such, there will be times when offers are made available only in email or app, and at times, in both.
What is the relationship between Starbucks Rewards and Delta
SkyMiles?
Published Mar 12, 2023
You can now “link” your Starbucks Rewards® account with your Delta SkyMiles® account and earn
more from both brands. Learn more and see full terms and conditions at deltastarbucks.com.
arrow_back
Back
How do I know how much closer I am towards earning Stars for
a Bonus Star Challenge?
Published Sep 11, 2022
When the app is opened, the promotional offers that you are eligible to participate can be found on
the offers tab at the bottom right of the screen. Once you have opted into a promotional offer, a
progress bar will appear to show you the number of steps you need to take in order to complete the
Challenge and earn the Bonus Stars.
arrow_back
Back
What is the relationship between Starbucks Rewards and Delta
SkyMiles?
Published Mar 12, 2023
You can now “link” your Starbucks Rewards® account with your Delta SkyMiles® account and earn
more from both brands. Learn more and see full terms and conditions at deltastarbucks.com.
arrow_back
Back
I need to reset my Password, but the link I received is expired.
Published Sep 27, 2022
Sorry about that!
The link to reset your Password expires 30 minutes from the time of your request. If you'd like the
link resent, click here.
I have a Reward on my account. Can I apply it to my order
with Mobile Order & Pay?
Published Mar 12, 2023
Yes! You are able to redeem Stars, Birthday Rewards and offers at participating stores through
Mobile Order & Pay. This feature is available on the Starbucks app for iPhone or Android.
I don't have access to my old email address to receive the
verification code. How can I update my email address?
Published Mar 12, 2023
Please call 1-800 STARBUC (782-7282) so that a customer service representative can assist you.
My birthday is incorrect on my account. How can I update
this?
Published Aug 29, 2022
We are happy to make this one time change for you. Please submit your request here including your
correct birthday and we will update it within 48 hours.
I just joined the Starbucks Rewards program. When will I get
my Birthday Reward?
Published Aug 29, 2022
In order to receive your first Birthday Reward, you need to join at least seven (7) days prior to your
birthday. You will receive a message in the Starbucks® app two (2) days prior to your birthday,
reminding you to come in and enjoy a treat. Your Birthday Reward is only good for the day of your
birthday. Thank you for joining Starbucks Rewards!
Why do I have a negative Star balance?
Published Sep 14, 2022
If your barista voided your purchase made with your registered Starbucks Card or Starbucks Mobile
app due to an error within the same visit, Starbucks will deduct the Stars that you were awarded for
that purchase, potentially resulting in a negative Star balance on your account.
I have not received the 400 Bonus Stars associated with the
closing of the Starbucks® Rewards Visa® program.
Published Jul 19, 2023
All Stars earned from your Starbucks Rewards Visa card should appear in your Star balance by
August 31, 2023.
If you remained a Starbucks Rewards Visa cardholder through July 20, 2023, you are eligible to
receive 400 Bonus Stars. You will also maintain your no-expiration status through January 2024.
Stars earned through January 2024 will expire on August 1, 2024. For more information, please refer
to the full FAQ located here.
If you did not receive the 400 Bonus Stars by August 31, 2023, it is possible you closed your
Starbucks Rewards Visa card before July 19, 2023. Closing your card before July 19, 2023 would
make you ineligible for the Bonus Stars.
If you did not close your card and did not receive Bonus Stars, please call us at 1-800-782-7282.
arrow_back
Back
What are Bonus Stars, and how do I earn them?
Published Sep 14, 2022
Periodically, you may have the opportunity to earn Bonus Stars, usually through member-exclusive
offers. Starbucks® Rewards offers are often specific to our members' preferences so you may see
offers with details that are tailored just for you. For many offers, the Bonus Stars will appear in your
account within 24 hours.
However, there are some offers in which the Stars are not awarded until a later date. In addition, you
may receive a Star Code by email that you have to redeem. Remember to check your email and
spam filters to make sure you’re receiving all of your emails from Starbucks.
arrow_back
Back
Can I earn Stars on grocery purchases?
Published Sep 27, 2022
We continuously work to make sure we are providing meaningful value and benefits to the members
of the Starbucks Rewards loyalty program, and we remain focused on investing in the digital
relationships that we have with our customers.
As part of the regular review of our business, we have made the decision to end the Receipt
Verification Program.
You can still find your favorite Starbucks products wherever you purchase groceries.
arrow_back
Back
Can I change the User ID and/or email address on my
Starbucks account?
Published Mar 12, 2023
Yes, to update your User ID and/or email address at any time, go to Your Account and sign in with
your User ID and Password. On the next page, you can access your account information, edit your
user id and/or email address.
arrow_back
Back
Can I still pay with a physical Starbucks Card and earn Stars?
Published Sep 14, 2022
You can keep paying with a physical Starbucks Card, just make sure any Starbucks Cards you use
are linked to your account to continue earning 2 Stars per $1 spent. You can easily do this with the
Starbucks® app or by visiting app.starbucks.com/account/signin
For the best experience, consider paying with the Starbucks app. You can also earn 2 Stars per $1
when you scan the barcode in the app at the register and then use any physical Starbucks Card
regardless of whether or not it is registered to complete the purchase at participating stores.
arrow_back
Back
Will I earn Stars when I travel? What currency will be used to
calculate the Stars I earn?
Published Jul 19, 2023
As a U.S. Member of the Starbucks Rewards program, you can also earn Stars when you travel to
Canada and Puerto Rico, and pay with your registered Starbucks Card.
You will earn Stars as if the currency were expressed in U.S. dollars—no currency exchange is
applied. For example, if the accruable amount of your purchase is one (1) Canadian dollar, you will
earn two (2) Stars when paying with a Starbucks Card. Also, you can earn Stars on eligible
purchases with cash, credit/debit, and mobile wallets in Canada at participating stores as a U.S.
Member.
arrow_back
Back
Can I redeem my Rewards in Puerto Rico?
Published Sep 26, 2022
Yes! You can redeem 150 Stars for a food or beverage item in our stores in Puerto Rico.
arrow_back
Back
Will I earn Stars for my delivery orders through the Starbucks
app for iPhone®?
Published Mar 12, 2023
Absolutely. Each order you place with Mobile Order & Pay, including delivery by Postmates, will earn
you Stars. You can track your Star balance and view your account information in the Starbucks®
App for iPhone® and online at Here.
arrow_back
Back
Can I still qualify to earn Bonus Stars if I made an eligible
purchase and then opted into the offer afterwards?
Published Oct 26, 2022
As long as you joined, activated or opted into the offer during the promotional period, even after you
made the eligible purchase, your eligible purchase can still count towards earning Bonus Stars.
arrow_back
Back
How do I update my Starbucks account?
Published Sep 27, 2022
Sign in with your Username and Password. From there you can access your account information,
change your email address, update your credit card, or view your order history.
What is a verification code?
Published Feb 2, 2023
A verification code is a one-time use code entered as part of the log-in process, or when making
updates to select personal information in your Starbucks account. You can choose to get this code
by text or voice code. Standard data and message rates apply. One message sent per request.
Can I earn more than one Reward before I redeem? Is there a
limit to how many Rewards I can have at any given time?
Published Oct 26, 2022
There is no limit as to how many Rewards you can receive. As a Starbucks® Rewards member, you
are eligible for Rewards starting at 25 Stars, but you do not have to redeem them right away; you
can continue to accumulate more Stars as you qualify for each redemption tier.
For example, you can have 250 Stars in your account and redeem them in-store at the register, for a
variety of Rewards at the same time (e.g., a brewed coffee, a croissant or a latte). If you use the app
to order ahead, you can redeem one Reward per purchase.
Note that your Stars do expire so be sure to redeem your Stars for Rewards before that happens.
See Star expiration info.
arrow_back
Back
How and where do I redeem my Rewards?
Published Sep 27, 2022
After you join Starbucks® Rewards, you can start earning Stars for Rewards. You can choose to
redeem Stars for a variety of free food, drink or merchandise items (excluding alcoholic beverages
and multi-serve items) at any time before they expire.
Once your Reward is redeemed, those Stars will be removed from your Star balance. After each
redemption, you can continue to earn Stars to redeem for any of the Reward tier options. For
example, if you have 50 Stars, you are eligible to redeem either two (2) 25 Star Rewards or one (1)
50 Star Reward.
Not all Starbucks locations redeem Rewards. Company-operated stores, U.S. airports, Target and
select grocery stores can honor the Rewards, but some kiosk locations (often those inside another
facility like a hospital or university) cannot. In addition, select Starbucks locations will have one
Reward tier at 150 Stars for food and beverage items. These locations do not have multiple Reward
tier options available yet. We hope to continue to increase the number of participating locations.
arrow_back
Back
What are the new ways to pay and earn Stars with Starbucks
Rewards and the Starbucks app? How do I pay with cash,
credit/debit, or mobile wallets and earn Stars?
Published Oct 26, 2022
Earning Stars when Members pay with cash, credit/debit cards, or mobile wallets at participating
stores is easy! Just click on “Scan” from the home screen of the Starbucks® app if you’re paying
in-store. Then, choose “Scan Only,” scan the QR code and pay with cash or credit/debit cards and
mobile wallets outside of the Starbucks app.
Or, choose “Scan & Pay” and link any credit/debit card or PayPal account, swipe to choose the
payment method you want to use, then scan the QR code to pay and earn Stars in one easy step!
For ordering ahead, just link the credit/debit card or your PayPal account you want to use and
choose that option to pay at checkout in the app. If you haven’t joined Starbucks Rewards yet, all
you need is the app, your name, email, and a password to get started.
Can I customize my Pick Your Perk?
Published Jun 22, 2023
Each Pick Your Perk is different. Please review your Pick Your Perk coupon email for details on
customization or substitution options.
Do I need to sign up for Starbucks Rewards on the app or on
the website? Is there a difference between using the app or the
website?
Published Oct 26, 2022
You can join the program at app.starbucks.com or through the Starbucks® app. No matter how you
sign up, we recommend using the Starbucks app to have the best experience!
arrow_back
Back
If I have multiple Starbucks Cards registered to my account,
does that mean I will receive a Birthday Reward for each one?
Published Oct 26, 2022
No. You will only receive one (1) Birthday Reward annually.
arrow_back
Back
Can I earn Stars at Starbucks Roastery, and Reserve locations
when I pay with cash, credit or debit cards?
Published Oct 26, 2022
You cannot earn Stars at Starbucks® Roastery, and Reserve locations when you pay with cash,
credit, or debit cards. You can earn two (2) Stars per $1 at these locations when you pay with a
registered Starbucks Card at participating stores.
arrow_back
Back
My beverage is highly customized. Do I now have to stack
Rewards?
Published Aug 29, 2022
No. When you redeem 50 Stars for a brewed coffee or 150 Stars for a Frappuccino blended
beverage, all the customizations are included! Any size, any customization, get creative – just make
sure it fits in our standard size Starbucks cups!
What has changed with the Starbucks Rewards program?
Published Mar 12, 2023
As of February 13, 2023, there has been a change with the redemption tiers associated with the
Starbucks Rewards program.
We continually monitor the health of Starbucks Rewards and occasionally need to make changes to
meet the changing needs of our members. This change allows us to improve the health of our
program while making member favorites like iced coffee easier to earn.
New Rewards Tiers:
● 25 Stars: Customize your favorite drink with an extra shot, dairy substitute, syrup or sauce
(like a mocha sauce.) Any customizations over $1 can be redeemed by paying the difference
between the price and the $1 Reward credit.
● 100 Stars: brewed hot or iced coffee or tea, bakery item, packaged snacks and core
reusable plastic to-go cups.
● 200 Stars: Handcrafted drink or hot breakfast.
● 300 Stars: Lunch sandwich, protein box, salad and now packaged coffee.
● 400 Stars: Signature mug, drink tumbler or your choice of coffee merch. Any items over $20
can be redeemed by paying the difference between the price and the $20 Reward credit.
How does this change benefit me?
● Whole bean coffee and via have moved from 400 to 300 Stars.
● Iced coffee and tea have moved from 150 to 100 Stars.
● Re-usable cups have moved from 400 to 100 Stars.
● Packaged snacks have moved from 200 to 100 Stars.
What has not changed?
How you earn Stars
There is no change to how you earn Stars. You can earn 1 Star per every pre-tax $1 spent when you
pay with cash, credit/debit cards or mobile wallets at participating stores. You can earn 2 Stars per
every pre-tax $1 spent when you pay with a registered Starbucks Card.
Birthday Rewards
There is no change to how you earn a Birthday Reward. To redeem your Birthday Reward, you must
join Starbucks® Rewards at least seven (7) days prior to your birthday, provide your birthday in your
Starbucks Rewards account information, and have made at least one Star-earning transaction prior
to your birthday each year.
Refills
Starbucks Rewards members may receive free refills of hot or iced brewed coffee or tea during the
same store visit at participating Starbucks stores.
These and more of the benefits you know and love are staying the same!
For full details and additional information see Terms of Use:
● US: www.starbucks.com/rewards/terms
● CAN: www.starbucks.ca/rewards/terms
● CAN (FR): fr.starbucks.ca/recompenses/modalites
If you have questions or feedback about the new Starbucks Rewards program updates, please send
us a message here:
www.customerservice.starbucks.com/app/contact/ask_rewards
*Star redemption may vary at participating licensed stores.
arrow_back
Back
What has changed with the Starbucks Rewards program?
Published Mar 12, 2023
As of February 13, 2023, there has been a change with the redemption tiers associated with the
Starbucks Rewards program.
We continually monitor the health of Starbucks Rewards and occasionally need to make changes to
meet the changing needs of our members. This change allows us to improve the health of our
program while making member favorites like iced coffee easier to earn.
New Rewards Tiers:
● 25 Stars: Customize your favorite drink with an extra shot, dairy substitute, syrup or sauce
(like a mocha sauce.) Any customizations over $1 can be redeemed by paying the difference
between the price and the $1 Reward credit.
● 100 Stars: brewed hot or iced coffee or tea, bakery item, packaged snacks and core
reusable plastic to-go cups.
● 200 Stars: Handcrafted drink or hot breakfast.
● 300 Stars: Lunch sandwich, protein box, salad and now packaged coffee.
● 400 Stars: Signature mug, drink tumbler or your choice of coffee merch. Any items over $20
can be redeemed by paying the difference between the price and the $20 Reward credit.
How does this change benefit me?
● Whole bean coffee and via have moved from 400 to 300 Stars.
● Iced coffee and tea have moved from 150 to 100 Stars.
● Re-usable cups have moved from 400 to 100 Stars.
● Packaged snacks have moved from 200 to 100 Stars.
What has not changed?
How you earn Stars
There is no change to how you earn Stars. You can earn 1 Star per every pre-tax $1 spent when you
pay with cash, credit/debit cards or mobile wallets at participating stores. You can earn 2 Stars per
every pre-tax $1 spent when you pay with a registered Starbucks Card.
Birthday Rewards
There is no change to how you earn a Birthday Reward. To redeem your Birthday Reward, you must
join Starbucks® Rewards at least seven (7) days prior to your birthday, provide your birthday in your
Starbucks Rewards account information, and have made at least one Star-earning transaction prior
to your birthday each year.
Refills
Starbucks Rewards members may receive free refills of hot or iced brewed coffee or tea during the
same store visit at participating Starbucks stores.
These and more of the benefits you know and love are staying the same!
For full details and additional information see Terms of Use:
● US: www.starbucks.com/rewards/terms
● CAN: www.starbucks.ca/rewards/terms
● CAN (FR): fr.starbucks.ca/recompenses/modalites
If you have questions or feedback about the new Starbucks Rewards program updates, please send
us a message here:
www.customerservice.starbucks.com/app/contact/ask_rewards
*Star redemption may vary at participating licensed stores.
arrow_back
Back
Does it cost money to participate in Starbucks Odyssey?
Published Mar 12, 2023
It does not cost money to be a participant but you must be an active member of the Starbucks
Rewards program.
In addition to earning free digital collectible stamps by completing activities there will be purchasable
digital collectible stamps. These will come in a range of costs. More details will be shared about the
marketplace and the pricing in the future.
More information can be found by visiting Starbucks Stories
arrow_back
Back
Why isn’t iced coffee or iced tea 50 Stars?
Published Oct 17, 2022
Only a curated selection of our everyday beverages and food items are available for 50 Stars. For
example, bagels, croissants and cake pops all fall within this tier.
As a Member, you can continue to take advantage of our free refills of brewed coffee and tea (hot
and iced) during your same day in-store visit.
arrow_back
Back
Can I choose which item I get for free with my Reward?
Published Sep 14, 2022
You can choose what Reward tier you'd like to redeem for (25, 50 ,150 200, 400) and Starbucks will
apply the Reward to the highest priced item in your basket within the tier. For example, if you’ve
ordered a coffee cake and a muffin and have a 50 Star Reward, we’ll apply your Reward to the
coffee cake because it’s the most expensive!
I am getting an error that says the code has expired. What do
I do?
Published Sep 26, 2022
You can resend the code by clicking “Resend” in the app.
How do I access the Starbucks Odyssey experience?
Published Mar 12, 2023
Starting September 12, Starbucks customers and partners (employees) in the U.S. can join the
waitlist (https://waitlist.starbucks.com/) for the chance to be among the first to receive access to the
Starbucks Odyssey experience, which will launch later this year.
More information can be found by visiting Starbucks Stories
arrow_back
Back
What can I redeem my Reward for?
Published Sep 27, 2022
As a Starbucks® Rewards member, you can redeem Stars at a participating store as soon as you
qualify for a Reward tier. After you collect enough Stars for a Reward (25, 50, 150, 200, 400 Stars),
you can choose to redeem your Stars for a free beverage customization, drink, food, merchandise
(under $20) or package of coffee before the Stars expire—either choose to redeem your Stars in the
Starbucks® app when ordering ahead, or ask your barista when you’re paying at a participating
Starbucks store. Once your Stars are redeemed, the corresponding number of Stars will be removed
from your Star balance.
● 25 Stars: Customize your favorite drink with an extra shot, dairy substitute, syrup or sauce
(such as mocha sauce.)
● 50 Stars: Hot brewed coffee, bakery item or hot brewed tea.
● 150 Stars: Handcrafted drink, hot breakfast or parfait.
● 200 Stars: Lunch sandwich, protein box or salad (250 Stars in Canada.)
● 400 Stars: Select merchandise or packaged coffee.
Any items over $20 can be redeemed by paying the difference between the price and the $20
Reward credit.
See Terms of Use for full details on tier eligibility and exclusions.
There are select Starbucks locations where you can redeem Stars but the multiple Reward tier
options are not yet available. These stores have one Reward tier at 150 Stars, valid for a food or
beverage item only.
Look for the "Redeem Rewards" amenity within the "Stores" section of the Starbucks® app to see if
a certain store allows Stars to be redeemed for Rewards.
arrow_back
Back
Can I track my progress in the program and see how many
Stars I have earned?
Published Sep 14, 2022
Yes - when you log into your account online at app.Starbucks.com or in the Starbucks® app, you will
be able to see how many Stars you've earned, all Rewards you're eligible for and your History.
Why was I asked to provide a phone number when I attempted
to join Starbucks Rewards?
Published Sep 26, 2022
You may be asked to provide a phone number at the time of enrollment as part of 2-Factor
Authentication. Phone numbers will only be used for security purposes in order to help protect your
account information from being compromised.
arrow_back
Back
Why can't I sign in to my Starbucks.com account?
Published Sep 27, 2022
You may have a different Username, email address or even multiple accounts. We also require
JavaScript to be enabled.
You can reset your Username or Password here and select Account > Settings then Edit next to the
Password field to update. The password reset link sent will expire 30 minutes from the time of your
request.
If you are not receiving emails from Starbucks, your account may be registered under a different
email address. Also, check your junk folder and adjust your filters to allow emails from Starbucks.
If you need help enabling JavaScript, click here.
Can I give my reward to someone else?
Published Mar 12, 2023
No. Sorry, memberships and rewards are non-transferable and cannot be shared with family
members, friends or others.
Why is Starbucks adding more ways to pay and earn Stars?
Published Sep 14, 2022
Per our customer’s feedback, we heard that some customers want to use the Starbucks® app to
earn Rewards, but don’t want to have to preload a Starbucks Card. With this update, we’re making
our app and Starbucks® Rewards more accessible, so you have more ways to pay and earn Stars.
How do I track the Rewards earned for my Bonus Star
Challenge?
Published Sep 11, 2022
When the app is opened, select the History icon in the upper right corner of the main screen. The
Bonus Stars earned will appear as Promotion.
arrow_back
Back
How do I redeem my Birthday Reward? Where can I redeem
my Birthday Reward?
Published Jan 18, 2023
To redeem your Birthday Reward, you must join Starbucks® Rewards at least seven (7) days prior to
your birthday, provide your birthday in your Starbucks Rewards account information, and have made
at least one Star-earning transaction prior to your birthday each year.
You will receive an email two (2) days before your birthday reminding you to come in and enjoy a
free food or beverage item on us. Your Reward must be redeemed on your birthday. Just present
your registered Starbucks Card or Starbucks® app to the barista at a participating store to redeem it.
When you have a Birthday Reward - you are eligible for almost anything on the menu - including one
complimentary handcrafted beverage (standard Starbucks® menu sizes only), or one food item or
one ready-to-drink bottled beverage.
How do I redeem my Birthday Reward? Where can I redeem
my Birthday Reward?
Published Jan 18, 2023
To redeem your Birthday Reward, you must join Starbucks® Rewards at least seven (7) days prior to
your birthday, provide your birthday in your Starbucks Rewards account information, and have made
at least one Star-earning transaction prior to your birthday each year.
You will receive an email two (2) days before your birthday reminding you to come in and enjoy a
free food or beverage item on us. Your Reward must be redeemed on your birthday. Just present
your registered Starbucks Card or Starbucks® app to the barista at a participating store to redeem it.
When you have a Birthday Reward - you are eligible for almost anything on the menu - including one
complimentary handcrafted beverage (standard Starbucks® menu sizes only), or one food item or
one ready-to-drink bottled beverage.
What if I pay for my transaction partially with my registered
Starbucks Card and partially with another form of payment? Will
I still earn Stars?
Published Apr 6, 2023
If you pay for your transaction partially with your registered Starbucks Card and partially with another
form of payment (e.g. cash, debit/credit card or unregistered Starbucks Card), the number of Stars
you earn will be prorated based on the eligible purchase amount that was applied to your registered
Starbucks Card.
If you pay for your transaction partially with your registered Starbucks Card and partially with your
Starbucks Rewards™ Visa® Card, you will earn two (2) Stars per $1 for the amount paid with your
registered Starbucks Card and you will earn one (1) Star for every $4 dollar purchase using your
Starbucks Rewards™ Visa® Card.
arrow_back
Back
Will I earn Stars for every dollar I spend at Starbucks?
Published Mar 12, 2023
Stars cannot be earned for purchase of alcohol, Starbucks Cards or Starbucks Card reloads, tips,
donations, or fees (such as bag fees, delivery fees, shipping and handling fees, and gift wrapping
fees).
arrow_back
Back
Skip to main content
MENU
REWARDS
GIFT CARDS
Find a store
Sign inJoin now
Our Company
Our Heritage
Our story begins in 1971 along the cobblestone streets of Seattle’s
historic Pike Place Market. It was here where Starbucks opened its first
store, offering fresh-roasted coffee beans, tea and spices from around
the world for our customers to take home. Our name was inspired by the
classic tale, “Moby-Dick,” evoking the seafaring tradition of the early
coffee traders.
Ten years later, a young New Yorker named Howard Schultz would walk
through these doors and become captivated with Starbucks coffee from
his first sip. After joining the company in 1982, a different cobblestone
road would lead him to another discovery. It was on a trip to Milan in
1983 that Howard first experienced Italy’s coffeehouses, and he returned
to Seattle inspired to bring the warmth and artistry of its coffee culture to
Starbucks. By 1987, we swapped our brown aprons for green ones and
embarked on our next chapter as a coffeehouse.
Starbucks would soon expand to Chicago and Vancouver, Canada and
then on to California, Washington, D.C. and New York. By 1996, we
would cross the Pacific to open our first store in Japan, followed by
Europe in 1998 and China in 1999. Over the next two decades, we
would grow to welcome millions of customers each week and become a
part of the fabric of tens of thousands of neighborhoods all around the
world. In everything we do, we are always dedicated to Our Mission:
With every cup, with every conversation, with every community - we
nurture the limitless possibilities of human connection.
Coffee & Craft
It takes many hands to craft the perfect cup of coffee – from the farmers
who tend to the red-ripe coffee cherries, to the master roasters who coax
the best from every bean, and to the barista who serves it with care. We
are committed to the highest standards of quality and service, embracing
our heritage while innovating to create new experiences to savor.
Learn more
Our Partners
We like to say that we are not in the coffee business serving people, but
in the people business serving coffee. Our employees – who we call
partners – are at the heart of the Starbucks experience. We are
committed to making our partners proud and investing in their health,
well-being and success and to creating a culture of belonging where
everyone is welcome.
Explore Careers
We Believe in the Pursuit of Doing
Good
As it has been from the beginning, our purpose goes far beyond profit.
We believe Starbucks can, and should, have a positive impact on the
communities we serve.
People
Our aspiration is to be people positive – investing in humanity and the
well-being of everyone we connect with, from our partners to coffee
farmers to the customers in our stores and beyond.
Learn more
Planet
We are striving to become resource positive – giving back more than we
take from the planet. We are working to store more carbon than we emit,
replenish more freshwater than we use, and eliminate waste. We know
we can’t do it alone. It takes all of us.
Learn more
Learn More About Us
Stories & News
Behind every cup of coffee is a story. Enjoy some of our favorites along
with all the latest news from the storytellers at Starbucks Stories.
Check out Starbucks Stories
Company Profile
Here’s a closer look at our company.
Learn more
Company Timeline
Read a brief history of Starbucks, from 1971 through today.
Learn more
Ethics & Compliance
Learn more
Corporate Governance
Learn more
About Us
Our Company
Our Coffee
Stories and News
Starbucks Archive
Investor Relations
Customer Service
Contact Us
Careers
Culture and Values
Inclusion, Diversity, and Equity
College Achievement Plan
Alumni Community
U.S. Careers
International Careers
Social Impact
People
Planet
Environmental and Social Impact Reporting
For Business Partners
Landlord Support Center
Suppliers
Corporate Gift Card Sales
Office and Foodservice Coffee
Order and Pick Up
Order on the App
Order on the Web
Delivery
Order and Pick Up Options
Explore and Find Coffee for Home
Privacy Notice
|
Terms of Use
|
Do Not Share My Personal Information
|
CA Supply Chain Act
|
Cookie Preferences
© 2023 Starbucks Coffee Company. All rights reserved.
Starbucks Latest California Borrow A
Cup Test Furthers Company’s Shift
Toward Reusables
August 14, 2023 • 4 min read
SHARE
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share in email
Furthering their resource-positive commitments, Starbucks launched a reusable cup test in 12
Starbucks stores in Napa and Petaluma, California today. From August 14 through October 22,
customers at participating stores will be able to bring their own personal cup in café or
drive-thru, be offered a Borrow A Cup from Starbucks, or choose For Here Ware, a reusable
ceramic or glass cup for customers who opt to sit and stay in café.
Starbucks and TURN return bins which can be found at participating stores in Napa and Petaluma
with instructions for customers to return their Borrow A Cup.
Starbucks teamed up with TURN Systems for the test, using their high-tech collection bins to
understand cup return behavior. Customers who bring in their own clean personal cup will
receive the standard $0.10 off with an additional 25 Bonus Stars for Starbucks Rewards
members.* When a customer returns a borrowed cup, they also have the option to register
online with TURN for a chance to win a prize.**
“Our latest round of reusables tests around the world contribute to our goal for all customer
packaging to be reusable, recyclable, or compostable in the future. We know our partners and
customers care about the planet, and we’re proud to offer them ways to join us in in making
sustainable choices in their everyday lives,” said Amelia Landers, vp, Business Strategy, Partner
& Customer Solutions.
Where Starbucks has been conducting reusable cup tests and launched reusable programs
around the world.
Reusables tests help drive progress toward Starbucks commitment to reduce waste sent to
landfill. Starbucks is committed to cutting their waste footprint in half by 2030 and recently
updated their target to include a commitment for all customer packaging to be reusable,
recyclable, or compostable.
Starbucks has conducted reusables tests in more than 25 markets around the world with more
planned in the year ahead. The test in California is the latest Starbucks test in U.S. with
additional reusables tests completed in Colorado and ongoing in Arizona. The SODO 8 store
inside Starbucks Seattle headquarters has been serving 100% of beverages in reusable cups
since March 2022.
Starbucks district manager Tonya Palacios and her fellow partners holding up their personal cups.
“These types of tests are extremely important so that the company can understand all the
different ways we can make an impact and move towards goals that we have set for the future,”
said Tonya Palacios, Starbucks district manager, who leads the stores conducting the test.
Tonya is also a Starbucks College Achievement Plan graduate, currently pursuing a master's
degree in Sustainability Leadership. “I’m optimistic that we will execute the test at a high level
and gather lots of feedback that will influence the next step in reusable cups and our
sustainability goals.”
Innovation Inspired by Partners
A customer at a store on ASU Campus places their cup in a personal cup washer.
Choosing reusables is a new habit for many customers. Starbucks’ behavioral science-based
research shows ease and convenience are foundational. Personal cup washers were developed
in partnership with our store partners in the Starbucks Tryer Innovation Lab and created to
ensure convenience for customers bringing their own cup. In participating stores across Arizona
State University campus, customers can wash their personal cup or a returned Borrow A Cup
right at the counter in the time it takes to complete their order.
Since May, Starbucks has been conducting a 100% reusables test at participating ASU campus
stores and every customer who brings in their own personal reusable cup or reuse a Borrow A
Cup from a previous visit can receive a $1 discount on their beverage order. Customers can also
return their Borrow A Cup to special return bins around campus that were designed by the ASU
Circular Living Lab using the equivalent of 1,350 repurposed single-use cups.

A Borrow A Cup being washed in a personal cup washer at a store participating in the ASU
reusable cup test. (Photo: Connor Surdi)
Bringing customers a reusables experience on the go
A customer in Colorado hands their personal cup off to their barista in drive-thru by placing it in a
contactless vessel. (Photo: Connor Surdi)
With the majority of Starbucks beverages enjoyed on the go, the company continues to test and
learn how to best provide customers the option to shift toward reusables. Customers across
Colorado can now bring their own personal cup in drive-thru, the result of a successful personal
cup test run from April to June, and they will receive a $0.10 discount on their order and 25
Bonus Stars for Starbucks Rewards members.
A customer in Colorado receives their beverage in a personal cup back from their barista. (Photo:
Connor Surdi)
Starting in 2024, customers in all Starbucks Stores across the U.S. and Canada will be able to
bring their personal cup wherever they order, including in café, drive-thru or mobile order and
pay.
*Valid at participating stores on in-store beverage purchases only (max 3x per day).
**NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY TO PLAY OR WIN. Participation constitutes the participant's full
and unconditional agreement to and acceptance of these Official Rules
(https://turnus.in/pages/CSB15). Open to legal residents of California at the time of Game Play
who are at least 18. The Turn Reusable Cup Instant Win Game (“Game”) begins on August 14th,
2023, and ends on October 22, 2023. Odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries
received. Total Prize ARV: $200,000. The Game is sponsored by TURN Systems Corporation
(“Sponsor”).
Share This Article
Starbucks Announces Transitions to Its
Board of Directors
September 13, 2023 • 4 min read
SHARE
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share in email
Howard Schultz to retire as director; Starbucks honors Schultz as lifelong Chairman Emeritus,
forever inspired by his passion, heart, spirit, and commitment to the power of human connection
Elects Wei Zhang to join Board of Directors, bringing more than 20 years of experience in global
operations, consumer technology and corporate business development
SEATTLE – Starbucks Coffee Company (NASDAQ: SBUX) today announced Howard Schultz, the
company’s modern-day founder and chairman emeritus, will step down from the Board of
Directors effective today as part of a planned transition. Schultz previously stepped down as
chief executive officer in March of this year.
"As I reflect on my 41 years with the company, a foundation of love and creative, passionate
customer experience has been built by over five million partners (employees) around the world
who have worked in the company," said Schultz. "My gratitude to them and the millions of
stakeholders and customers that have helped Starbucks endure is beyond measure. I am
enormously blessed to have experienced this journey from the ground floor at the company
these many years. I look forward to supporting this next generation of leaders to steward
Starbucks into the future as a customer, supporter and advocate in my role as chairman
emeritus."
Schultz, who has long encouraged Starbucks partners to "dream big and then dream bigger,"
transformed Starbucks from a small company selling only whole beans to the renowned third
place that it is today with more than 36,000 stores in 86 markets around the world. Starbucks
went public on June 26, 1992. Since then, the stock price has increased on a split adjusted basis
to $96.24 today, as of September 12, 2023, representing an increase of approximately 36,000
percent or, including dividends, a total return of approximately 41,000 percent on the investment
compared to an approximately 1,000 percent total return for the S&P 500 over the same period.
Along the way, Schultz focused on creating opportunities for partners such as he never had
growing up in the housing projects of Brooklyn, New York. Under his leadership, Starbucks
became one of the first employers to offer company stock ownership and health care for full
and part-time employees, pathways to higher education by providing upfront tuition coverage
through the Starbucks College Achievement Plan, family expansion benefits, and more.
Schultz, who built Starbucks into a company that has served as a launching pad for millions, will
now turn his attention with his wife Sheri to focus on a range of philanthropic and
entrepreneurial investments to create greater opportunity, accessible to all. They are
co-founders of the Schultz Family Foundation and emes project LLC, two organizations working
in partnership with employers, entrepreneurs, non-profits, and governments to seed innovations
and scale solutions that are aimed at enabling everyone to access the full promise of America.
"Howard’s vision, courage and deep love and responsibility for partners and this company
created a blueprint for us all in how to lead through the lens of humanity," said Mellody Hobson,
independent Starbucks Board of Directors chair. "He put partners and shareholders above
himself when he returned to Starbucks as ceo in 2022, working tirelessly. On behalf of the board,
I offer my deepest thanks and appreciation to him as he steps down. Going forward, we will
forever be inspired by his passion, heart, spirit, and commitment to the power of human
connection, and we remain grateful for his support of our leaders and confidence in the
company."
Starbucks also announced today the election of Wei Zhang to the company’s Board of Directors,
effective October 1. Zhang most recently served as senior advisor to Alibaba Group, and
formerly led Alibaba Pictures Group as president. Zhang joins Starbucks board as its eighth
director, following the election of Beth Ford, CEO of Land O’Lakes Inc., earlier this year.
"Wei is recognized as an innovator and game changer, and we are thrilled to have her join us.
Her deep experience, perspective and commitment to corporate business development will help
guide us as we continue to grow as a global company," said Hobson. "Her addition to the board,
combined with Laxman’s inspiring and strategic vision, proven operational effectiveness, and
deep experience in both developed and developing markets, makes me confident that our best
days are truly ahead of us."
Zhang spent more than a decade leading Alibaba Group’s international business and media
strategy, most recently as senior advisor to Alibaba Group and president of Alibaba Pictures
Group. In her earlier role as Alibaba Group’s SVP out of Beijing, she led teams and initiatives to
grow the company’s corporate development, corporate strategy and social responsibility. Zhang
has also served in similar leadership roles at News Corp China and CNBC China, where she led
the company’s operations, strategy and business development. Zhang’s background also
includes senior positions at Bain & Company and General Electric.
Zhang currently serves on the board for Ralph Lauren Corporation. She is also a past board
member of Los Angeles Sports & Entertainment Commission, Amblin Partners and the Jack Ma
Foundation, among others.
"The limitless growth mindset that guides Starbucks partners and business is impressive and
has resonance," said Zhang. "I’ve been a Starbucks customer across the globe for decades. I’m
honored to have the opportunity to work with the board and talented leadership team to
contribute to the power, relevance and resilience of the Starbucks business and brand – creating
significant value for all stakeholders."
Zhang earned her MBA from Harvard Business School and her bachelor’s degree from Seton Hill
University. In 2019, she was recognized with one of the university’s highest honors, the
Distinguished Alumni Leadership Award, presented annually to a Seton graduate for their
industry contributions, professional achievements and service to their community. In 2020,
Business Insider named her as one of the "100 People Transforming Business" and in 2019, she
was recognized with an "Entertainment Game Changer Award" from Asia Society.
"I want to extend a warm welcome to Wei, who brings essential experience in global operations,
consumer technology, entertainment and corporate business development to the Starbucks
board," said Laxman Narasimhan, chief executive officer of Starbucks. "I also offer my respect to
Howard as he steps down from the board. As we go forward, Starbucks will continue our journey
of investment in our people, our business and the communities we serve to deliver outsized
returns to all our stakeholders."
Other members of the Starbucks Board of Directors include: Mellody Hobson, Richard Allison,
Andy Campion, Beth Ford, Jørgen Vig Knudstorp, Satya Nadella and Laxman Narasimhan.
About Starbucks
Since 1971, Starbucks Coffee Company has been committed to ethically sourcing and roasting
high-quality arabica coffee. Today, with more than 36,000 stores worldwide, the company is the
premier roaster and retailer of specialty coffee in the world. Through our unwavering
commitment to excellence and our guiding principles, we bring the unique Starbucks Experience
to life for every customer through every cup. To share in the experience, please visit us in our
stores or online at https://stories.starbucks.com or www.starbucks.com.
Contacts:
Starbucks Contact, Investor Relations:
Tiffany Willis
investorrelations@starbucks.com
Starbucks Contact, Media:
Reggie Borges
press@starbucks.com
Starbucks Latest California Borrow A
Cup Test Furthers Company’s Shift
Toward Reusables
August 14, 2023 • 4 min read
SHARE
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share in email
Furthering their resource-positive commitments, Starbucks launched a reusable cup test in 12
Starbucks stores in Napa and Petaluma, California today. From August 14 through October 22,
customers at participating stores will be able to bring their own personal cup in café or
drive-thru, be offered a Borrow A Cup from Starbucks, or choose For Here Ware, a reusable
ceramic or glass cup for customers who opt to sit and stay in café.
Starbucks and TURN return bins which can be found at participating stores in Napa and Petaluma
with instructions for customers to return their Borrow A Cup.
Starbucks teamed up with TURN Systems for the test, using their high-tech collection bins to
understand cup return behavior. Customers who bring in their own clean personal cup will
receive the standard $0.10 off with an additional 25 Bonus Stars for Starbucks Rewards
members.* When a customer returns a borrowed cup, they also have the option to register
online with TURN for a chance to win a prize.**
“Our latest round of reusables tests around the world contribute to our goal for all customer
packaging to be reusable, recyclable, or compostable in the future. We know our partners and
customers care about the planet, and we’re proud to offer them ways to join us in in making
sustainable choices in their everyday lives,” said Amelia Landers, vp, Business Strategy, Partner
& Customer Solutions.
Where Starbucks has been conducting reusable cup tests and launched reusable programs
around the world.
Reusables tests help drive progress toward Starbucks commitment to reduce waste sent to
landfill. Starbucks is committed to cutting their waste footprint in half by 2030 and recently
updated their target to include a commitment for all customer packaging to be reusable,
recyclable, or compostable.
Starbucks has conducted reusables tests in more than 25 markets around the world with more
planned in the year ahead. The test in California is the latest Starbucks test in U.S. with
additional reusables tests completed in Colorado and ongoing in Arizona. The SODO 8 store
inside Starbucks Seattle headquarters has been serving 100% of beverages in reusable cups
since March 2022.
Starbucks district manager Tonya Palacios and her fellow partners holding up their personal cups.
“These types of tests are extremely important so that the company can understand all the
different ways we can make an impact and move towards goals that we have set for the future,”
said Tonya Palacios, Starbucks district manager, who leads the stores conducting the test.
Tonya is also a Starbucks College Achievement Plan graduate, currently pursuing a master's
degree in Sustainability Leadership. “I’m optimistic that we will execute the test at a high level
and gather lots of feedback that will influence the next step in reusable cups and our
sustainability goals.”
Innovation Inspired by Partners
A customer at a store on ASU Campus places their cup in a personal cup washer.
Choosing reusables is a new habit for many customers. Starbucks’ behavioral science-based
research shows ease and convenience are foundational. Personal cup washers were developed
in partnership with our store partners in the Starbucks Tryer Innovation Lab and created to
ensure convenience for customers bringing their own cup. In participating stores across Arizona
State University campus, customers can wash their personal cup or a returned Borrow A Cup
right at the counter in the time it takes to complete their order.
Since May, Starbucks has been conducting a 100% reusables test at participating ASU campus
stores and every customer who brings in their own personal reusable cup or reuse a Borrow A
Cup from a previous visit can receive a $1 discount on their beverage order. Customers can also
return their Borrow A Cup to special return bins around campus that were designed by the ASU
Circular Living Lab using the equivalent of 1,350 repurposed single-use cups.

A Borrow A Cup being washed in a personal cup washer at a store participating in the ASU
reusable cup test. (Photo: Connor Surdi)
Bringing customers a reusables experience on the go
A customer in Colorado hands their personal cup off to their barista in drive-thru by placing it in a
contactless vessel. (Photo: Connor Surdi)
With the majority of Starbucks beverages enjoyed on the go, the company continues to test and
learn how to best provide customers the option to shift toward reusables. Customers across
Colorado can now bring their own personal cup in drive-thru, the result of a successful personal
cup test run from April to June, and they will receive a $0.10 discount on their order and 25
Bonus Stars for Starbucks Rewards members.
A customer in Colorado receives their beverage in a personal cup back from their barista. (Photo:
Connor Surdi)
Starting in 2024, customers in all Starbucks Stores across the U.S. and Canada will be able to
bring their personal cup wherever they order, including in café, drive-thru or mobile order and
pay.
*Valid at participating stores on in-store beverage purchases only (max 3x per day).
**NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY TO PLAY OR WIN. Participation constitutes the participant's full
and unconditional agreement to and acceptance of these Official Rules
(https://turnus.in/pages/CSB15). Open to legal residents of California at the time of Game Play
who are at least 18. The Turn Reusable Cup Instant Win Game (“Game”) begins on August 14th,
2023, and ends on October 22, 2023. Odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries
received. Total Prize ARV: $200,000. The Game is sponsored by TURN Systems Corporation
(“Sponsor”).
Starbucks Pumpkin Spice Latte Returns
for Its 20th Year on Aug. 24
August 23, 2023 • 4 min read
DOWNLOAD ASSETS
•
SHARE
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share in email
New Iced Apple Crisp Oatmilk Shaken Espresso and Iced Pumpkin Cream Chai
Tea Latte join the menu alongside returning fall favorites
The return of Starbucks Pumpkin Spice Latte (PSL) marks the unofficial start
of fall for many customers. Since its introduction in 2003 and over the last 20
years, the iconic beverage has had an influence on the coffee industry, pop
culture, and everything in between.
Starting Thursday, August 24, the Starbucks fall menu will return, and
customers can celebrate the 20th anniversary with their first sip of PSL. The
fall menu also features two new seasonal beverages, Iced Apple Crisp Oatmilk
Shaken Espresso and Iced Pumpkin Cream Chai Tea Latte, as well as the new
Baked Apple Croissant. Returning customer favorites include Pumpkin Cream
Cold Brew, Apple Crisp Oatmilk Macchiato, Pumpkin Cream Cheese Muffin,
and Owl Cake Pop. The fall food and beverages are available for a limited
time, while supplies last.
Pick of the patch
Share This Image
The Pumpkin Spice Latte is Starbucks most popular seasonal beverage and is
enjoyed by customers around the world. The handcrafted beverage combines
Starbucks Signature Espresso and steamed milk with the celebrated flavor
combination of real pumpkin, cinnamon, nutmeg and clove. Topped with
whipped cream and pumpkin pie spices, the PSL is available hot, iced or
blended.
Share This Image
New this year is the Iced Pumpkin Cream Chai Tea Latte, a beverage that was
inspired by a popular customer and barista customization. This creamy chai
tea latte pairs a rich blend of spiced chai notes with pumpkin cream cold foam
and a dusting of pumpkin spice.
“We’re excited to celebrate the creativity of our baristas and customers by
offering the Iced Pumpkin Cream Chai Tea Latte on the official fall menu. The
warm spice flavors of chai and pumpkin seamlessly blend together, creating a
creamy and comforting iced beverage,” said Starbucks beverage developer
Billy Altieri.
Share This Image
The fan-favorite Pumpkin Cream Cold Brew also returns to the menu for a fifth
year, crafted with Starbucks® Cold Brew sweetened with vanilla syrup, topped
with pumpkin cream cold foam and a dusting of pumpkin spice.
Falling for apple crisp
Share This Image
Joining the fall lineup this year is the new Iced Apple Crisp Oatmilk Shaken
Espresso, which combines Starbucks® Blonde Espresso with notes of apple,
cinnamon and brown sugar, shaken together and topped with oatmilk for a
smooth and balanced sip that is full of fall flavor.
“The warm, gooey taste of apple crisp paired with a cup of coffee meld
perfectly to unveil a cozy beverage customers have come to know and love at
Starbucks each fall. The new Iced Apple Crisp Oatmilk Shaken Espresso
features creamy oatmilk that perfectly complements the light roast flavors of
Starbucks® Blonde Espresso,” said Starbucks beverage developer Billy Altieri.
Customers can also enjoy the returning Apple Crisp Oatmilk Macchiato,
featuring layered flavors of apple, cinnamon, and brown sugar combined with
a spiced apple drizzle to create a delicious, fall flavored espresso beverage
available hot, iced and blended.
Fall feels in the bakery case
Share This Image
The new Baked Apple Croissant is made with layers of croissant dough
wrapped around a warm apple filling, topped with sugar and baked to a golden
finish.
Returning seasonal bakery items include the Pumpkin Cream Cheese Muffin
and the Owl Cake Pop, as well as the popular Pumpkin & Pepita Loaf, which is
available year-round.
Pumpkin debuts at Starbucks Reserve® locations
Share This Image
For the first time, Starbucks Reserve locations in the U.S. will introduce the
Starbucks Reserve® Pumpkin Spice Latte, and a full fall menu, including the
new Pumpkin Spice Whiskey Barrel-Aged Iced Latte and Pumpkin Spice
Espresso Martini. New artisanal Princi bakery items include a Pumpkin
Maritozzo and Pumpkin Spice Cake.
Guatemala Casi Cielo® Whole Bean Coffee
Share This Image
Guatemala Casi Cielo® has been enjoyed nearly as long as the PSL, returning
every year since 2004. Guatemala Casi Cielo® represents the finest
expression from one of Starbucks most beloved coffee origins, sourced
exclusively from Guatemala’s high-altitude, volcanic Antigua region. Harvested
just once a year from coffee cherries picked at peak ripeness, this
single-origin coffee – with elegant floral aromatics and notes of citrus and
dark cocoa – is bright, smooth, irresistibly balanced, and not to be missed.
Starbucks Reserve Whole Bean Coffee
Share This Image
Available at select Starbucks stores and all Starbucks Reserve locations are
two whole bean coffees that are hand-selected seasonally from family farms
and estates and roasted at Starbucks Reserve Roasteries.
Starbucks Reserve® Vietnam Da Lat features notes of cocoa peel and toffee
nut, anchored by the city of Da Lat (nicknamed “The City of Eternal Spring”) in
Vietnam’s Lam Dong Province.
Starbucks Reserve® Malawi Sable Farms features notes of dark chocolate
and ginger spice, produced by Malawi Sable Farms in Southern Malawi.
New seasonal drinkware
Share This Image
Customers can also fall in love with a variety of seasonally-inspired drinkware
– from tumblers to cold cups, mugs and more. New fall merchandise is
beginning to roll out at participating Starbucks stores in the U.S. on Thursday,
August 24 for a limited time, while supplies last. Don’t forget, Starbucks®
Rewards members who bring a clean, personal reusable cup into participating
cafés will earn 25 Stars in addition to 10 cents off their beverage.
A sip of fall at home
Share This Image
The flavors of fall are also available down the grocery aisle, including the
returning Starbucks® Iced Espresso Pumpkin Spice Latte, Starbucks®
Pumpkin Spice Frappuccino Chilled Coffee Drink and more.
To learn more about Starbucks fall food and beverage menu items, visit
starbucks.com/menu/featured.
*Customers can earn 25 Stars up to three times per day for bringing a clean,
personal reusable cup into participating cafés.
Share This Article
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share in email
Starbucks Pumpkin Spice Flavored
Coffees and More Are Back On Grocery
Store Shelves Nationwide
August 10, 2023 • 3 min read
DOWNLOAD ASSETS
•
SHARE
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share in email
Starting this month, Starbucks® Pumpkin Spice flavored and fall-inspired at-home and
ready-to-drink coffees are returning to grocery store shelves, inspired by the iconic Starbucks
Pumpkin Spice Latte, which first became available 20 years ago. Coffee lovers can get their first
sip of the season with these fan-favorite seasonal flavors at home while waiting for Starbucks
fall handcrafted beverages to return to cafés.
This year’s lineup of seasonal favorites features a variety of coffees and creamers for the
pumpkin spice enthusiast, including Starbucks® Pumpkin Spice Flavored Coffee in K-Cup®
pods and Roast & Ground, Starbucks® Pumpkin Spice Cold Brew Concentrate, Starbucks®
Pumpkin Spice Flavored Creamer, Starbucks® Pumpkin Spice Flavored Non-Dairy Creamer,
Starbucks® Iced Espresso Pumpkin Spice Latte and Starbucks® Pumpkin Spice Frappuccino
Chilled Coffee Drink. Starbucks® Fall Blend Coffee and Starbucks® Salted Caramel Mocha
Coffee are also available in K-Cup® pods and Roast & Ground.
Customers can find this range of delicious coffees and creamers available now online and
where groceries are sold for a limited time, while supplies last.
Starbucks Pumpkin Spice Flavored Coffee Roast & Ground,
Starbucks Pumpkin Spice Flavored Coffee K-Cup pods
Share This Image
Share This Image
This fall coffee is Starbucks lightest roast and is bright with notes of pumpkin, cinnamon and
nutmeg. Add a splash of cream and a little sugar to awaken deliciously familiar flavors,
reminiscent of Starbucks Pumpkin Spice Latte.
Availability and Pricing: Available in packaged ground coffee (SRP $11.99 per 11-oz. package,
$15.49 per 17-oz. package) and in K-Cup Pods (SRP $11.99 for 10-count, $22.99 for 22-count,
$27.49 for 32-count) where groceries are sold and online.
Starbucks Pumpkin Spice Cold Brew Concentrate
Share This Image
This super-smooth Starbucks Cold Brew is easy to make at home. The cold-steeped, custom
blend of coffee features hints of pumpkin, cinnamon and nutmeg flavor to craft this rich
concentrate. Simply add water and enjoy.
Availability & Pricing: Available (SRP $11.99 for a 32 oz. bottle) where groceries are sold and
online.
Starbucks Pumpkin Spice Flavored Creamer
Share This Image
Share This Image
Starbucks Pumpkin Spice Flavored creamer, inspired by fan-favorite handcrafted Pumpkin Spice
Latte, is thoughtfully crafted with the delicious flavors of pumpkin, cinnamon and nutmeg to pair
with Starbucks coffee for a perfect taste of fall. Also available as a non-dairy creamer.
Availability & Pricing: Available (SRP $6.19 for a 28 oz. bottle) where groceries are sold and
online.
Starbucks Salted Caramel Mocha Flavored Coffee Roast &
Ground, Starbucks Salted Caramel Mocha Flavored Coffee
K-Cup Pods
Share This Image
Share This Image
The refined flavor of Starbucks Salted Caramel Mocha is a delicious treat for any time of the day
or night. Rich mocha flavors pair perfectly with sweet, salty caramel notes to create a delicately
crafted flavor.
Availability and Pricing: Available in packaged ground coffee (SRP $11.99 per 11-oz. package,
$15.49 per 17-oz. package) and in K-Cup Pods (SRP $11.99 for 10-count, $22.99 for 22-count)
where groceries are sold and online.
Starbucks Fall Blend Coffee Roast & Ground, Starbucks Fall
Blend Coffee K-Cup Pods
Share This Image
Share This Image
Like the many colors of fall, this full-bodied blend brings warmth to the season by melding some
of the finest coffees from three coffee-growing regions, Sumatra, Africa and Latin America.
Beans from Sumatra lend the autumn touch of fresh spice notes, coffees from Africa add bright
notes of citrus and Latin American beans offer balance with a delicate hint of toasted nuts. This
coffee offers a hearty cup for the crisp days to come.
Availability and Pricing: Available in packaged ground coffee (SRP $11.99 per 10-oz. package,
$15.49 per 17-oz. package) and in K-Cup Pods (SRP $11.99 for 10-count, $22.99 for 22-count)
where groceries are sold and online.
Starbucks Iced Espresso Pumpkin Spice Latte
Share This Image
Embrace the cozy delights of a Starbucks fall favorite right at home. Inspired by a café favorite,
Starbucks Iced Espresso Pumpkin Spice Latte is a perfect combination of bold Starbucks
Espresso balanced with milk and enticing notes of pumpkin spice.
Availability & Pricing: Available (SRP $6.49 for a 40 oz. bottle) where groceries are sold and
online.
Starbucks Pumpkin Spice Frappuccino Chilled Coffee Drink
Share This Image
A seasonally inspired blend of spice flavors, milk and the finest arabica coffee come together as
delicious, creamy perfection. Enjoy the warm and cozy flavors of fall as a Frappuccino coffee
beverage.
Availability & Pricing: Available (SRP $4.19 for a 13.7 oz. bottle) where groceries are sold and
online.
Share This Article
Starbucks Introduces Hauntingly
Beautiful Halloween Drinkware
September 12, 2023 • 1 min read
DOWNLOAD ASSETS
•
SHARE
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share in email
With spooky season just around the corner, Starbucks is releasing a new line of
Halloween-inspired drinkware. New tumblers, cold cups, mugs and more are beginning to hit
shelves this month at participating Starbucks stores in the U.S. for a limited time, while supplies
last.*
And don’t forget customers who bring a clean, reusable cup to Starbucks can receive a $.10
discount on their order, and Starbucks Rewards® members receive an additional 25 Stars.**
Share This Image
Green Drip Cold Cup (24 oz)
Each sip is spooky from this fun and festive cold cup – and it even glows in the dark! Price:
$29.95
Share This Image
Black Bling Cold Cups and Key Chain
The new Black Bling Cup, available in 24 oz, 16oz and keychain versions, features a boo-tiful pop
of color when the light hits it.
24 oz Price: $29.95
16 oz Price: $25.95
Keychain Price: $15.95
Share This Image
Calavera Skull Mug (14 oz)
With an iridescent skull design, this mug makes any daily cup of coffee hauntingly delicious.
Available exclusively at Starbucks stores within Target locations.
Price: $16.95
Share This Image
Multicolor Cold Cup (24 oz)
The seasonally vibrant colors steal the show on this cold cup, available exclusively at Starbucks
stores within Target locations.
Price: $29.95
Share This Image
Pink Pumpkin Mug (12 oz)
This perfectly pink pumpkin mug is the pick of the patch this Halloween season.
Price: $14.95
Share This Image
Green Pumpkin Tumbler (12 oz)
Haunted pumpkins bring a festive fright to this fall-tastic tumbler.
Price: $19.95
Share This Image
Halloween Reusable Hot Cup 6 Pack (16 oz)
This set of hot cups features six wicked designs of pumpkins, ghosts and more.
Price: $19.95
Share This Image
Multicolor Drip Cold Cup (16 oz)
Enjoy any fall sip with this colorful, enchanted design.
Price: $16.95
Share This Image
Brown Pumpkin Tumbler (16 oz)
The perfect accompaniment to a Pumpkin Spice Latte.
Price: $14.95
* Merchandise assortment and availability varies by location.
**Valid at participating stores on in-store beverage purchases only (max 3x per day). To qualify for
the reusable cup benefit, you must have made at least one Star earning transaction.
Share This Article
2022 Starbucks Global Environmental and
Social Impact Report
April 20, 2023 • 2 min read
SHARE
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share in email
Throughout Starbucks history, we have sought to be a different kind of company. We are driven
by purpose, to create positive impact and we strive to lead by example.
To be the best we can be, we set ourselves ambitious goals across a range of Environmental,
Sustainability and Governance (ESG) initiatives. We do this to meet the moment, and to exceed
the expectations of our partners, customers, suppliers and the communities we work in every
day. By doing this well, we support the responsible growth of our business.
Each year, we review our performance in the publication of our Global Environmental and Social
Impact (GESI) Report. It’s us opening our books, in an act that is committed to transparency and
accountability.
Taking this step lets us celebrate our achievements. It also shows where we can do more to
meet our goals. By delivering both of these outcomes, it also shows just how far we have come,
and affirms that our commitment to achieve positive impact is best realized through working
with our partners to constantly stretch ourselves to meet ambitious goals.
This year’s report shows how we have lived true to our values and mission as a purpose driven
company in FY22.
Read the Full Report
Three priorities guide our ongoing efforts
Investing in our Partners
At Starbucks, we like to say that we are not in the coffee business serving people, but in the
people business serving coffee. Here, our employees — who we call partners — are the heart of
the Starbucks experience. Our wage increases, training program expansion and equipment
upgrades for U.S. retail partners in FY22 totaled $1 billion. Starbucks effort to improve our
partners’ experience is founded on a deep commitment to advance inclusion, diversity and
equity—and the belief that we are at our best when we create inclusive and welcoming
environments.
Starbucks shares via the Bean Stock program provided to more than 230,000 partners around
the world.
Announced approximately $1 billion in investments in wages, benefits, training and equipment
to help U.S. retail partners.
Over 2,100 partners graduated from ASU, full tuition covered through the Starbucks College
Achievement Plan.
Caring for our Communities and the Planet
We believe it is our responsibility to build a more sustainable, equitable and resilient future for
coffee, our communities and our planet. We are working to create the future we dream of
through the lens of humanity, with a deep commitment to global human rights, responsible and
ethical sourcing, community leadership from our partners and a focus on giving more than we
take from the planet.
Verified over 3,500 Greener Stores in FY22, which aim to reduce carbon emissions, water usage
and landfill waste.
Promoted ethical and sustainable coffee growing practices by sourcing and verifying 98.2% of
our coffee through C.A.F.E Practices.
Empowered 250,000 women and girls in coffee, tea and cocoa-growing communities.
Advancing Equity and Inclusion
We are dedicated to creating a culture of warmth and belonging, where everyone is welcome
and respected. Our work to advance inclusion, diversity and equity at Starbucks has already led
to important policies, programs and initiatives. There is still more to be done, and we are
committed to taking further actions toward tangible and lasting change.
Invested $5 million in organizations serving young people of color in the U.S.
Expanded mentorship opportunities to include an additional 400 retail partners.
100% scores on the Disability Equality Index and the Human Rights Campaign Corporate
Equality Index.
As always, we are approaching our ESG priorities with the same creativity and consistency our
partners (employees) bring to their work every single day. Through our ESG efforts, we are
working to modernize and transform the Starbucks experience in our stores and recreate an
environment that is welcoming and safe for all — where we uplift one another with dignity,
respect and kindness.
Starbucks Military Commitment by the
numbers
July 31, 2023 • 2 min read
SHARE
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share in email
As a people-first company, Starbucks is committed to enhancing the lives of all who touch the
business, from our customers to our partners (employees). In 2013, Starbucks made a
commitment to serve our Veteran and military community. As part of our partner promise to
bridge to a better future, we continue to enhance our support for the military community,
including Veteran and active military partners and their families. Throughout the last ten years,
Starbucks has hired over 40,000 Veterans and military spouses. The company also has a
commitment to hire 5,000 more each year going forward and continues to build out its support
to the military community through new relocation services, community building efforts and
mental health support.
Through an announcement made on July 31, 2023, Starbucks is proud to strengthen its support
for the U.S. military community.
Starbucks is providing a new centralized service that connects partners to Starbucks
opportunities as part of its transfer policy for partners going through relocation.
Starbucks is also building on its work with Lyra Health to ensure Veteran partners and their
families have personalized mental health support.
Starbucks aspires to more than double its Military Family Store count, expanding the program
footprint to 250 stores by 2025. Starbucks will locate 100 of these new stores on military bases.
Of these stores, select locations will be designed to recognize and honor each of the armed
forces in unique ways.
By the Numbers
500 Hiring Fairs Attended Across Nation — supporting transitioning service members, Veterans
and military spouses.
14 Employment Summits Sponsored — with Hiring Our Heroes in support of their 100k Military
Spouse Hiring initiative.
Armed Forces Network — An internal business resource group with 13 chapters across the
country with a mission to welcome, engage and empower Starbucks Veteran, Military Spouse,
and Advocate Partners in cultivating a strong community embraced in the workplace and
enriches the Starbucks experience.
The Starbucks College Achievement Plan — The Starbucks College Achievement Plan (SCAP)
provides all eligible U.S. partners (employees) the opportunity to receive 100% upfront tuition
coverage for a first-time bachelor’s degree through Arizona State University’s online program.
Through the program, partners who are current or former members of the United States Armed
Forces can extend an additional SCAP benefit to a qualifying family member of their choice to
receive the opportunity for a high-quality undergraduate education. To-date, there have been 11
graduates and 19 current participants who have utilized this +1 benefit.
Military Family Stores also serve as a foundation and model of engagement for hundreds of
stores in military communities to advance Veteran causes, accelerate the hiring of Veteran and
military spouses and bridge the civilian-military divide. Through partnerships with Veteran
Service Organizations, our Military Family Stores link local Veterans and their families to
important resources, services and shared community.
26,000+ military families supported in partnership with Blue Star Families.
200,000 Veterans and supporters provided with programming and events to build a healthy
lifestyle in their communities in partnership with Team Red, White & Blue.
16,000+ Veterans deployed in service in partnership with The Mission Continues.
625,000+ individuals have been impacted in partnership with Operation Gratitude.

Uplifting new Starbucks merch
collaboration honors Latin American
culture
By Heidi Peiper • August 29, 2023 • 2 min read
SHARE
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share in email
As a child living in Florida, Manuela Guillén would often lie in the prairie grass and watch the
clouds high above. In her mind, she’d imagine them transforming into wondrous shapes. Those
daydreams became the inspiration for her first series of paintings, and the beginning of her
artistic career. In college, she began to tell the story of her parents’ journey to the United States
from Cuba and El Salvador through her art.
“I know the story of these places, and they became my stories,” she said. “It’s a feeling of
nostalgia, but also of longing.”
Now an artist, muralist, painter, illustrator and educator in Philadelphia, Guillén has collaborated
with Starbucks for a new merchandise collection that honors Latin American culture, available in
participating U.S. Starbucks stores this fall. Her designs are the latest of the Starbucks Artist
Collaboration Series, which celebrates the unique stories of artists from all over the world.
“I think community comes first for me,” Guillén said. “When I want to put my art in the world, I try
to put everyone in my mind. My art is connecting with people and the earth.”
‘Manuela Dream’ Stainless Steel Tumbler
The stainless steel tumbler, “Manuela Dream,” is a fanciful self-portrait in profile, her long hair
adorned with colorful nature-inspired motifs against a white canvas.
“It’s like a burst, a party, a piñata in the hair. I wanted it to feel like a celebration.”
‘Buenas Vibras’ Cold Cup
The words “buenas vibras,” (which means “good vibes”) describe the joyful mood of this design,
which features doodle-style drawings with an array of colorful plants, butterflies, birds and a
friendly jaguar. Both sunshine and rain are represented on the cup.
“When you think about Latin America – we’re a very diverse group. People may ski in the south
or live near the beach in the Caribbean. I am hoping it’s a beautiful little collection where people
can see themselves.”
‘Manuela Heart’ Cold Cup
The design for the 24-ounce cold cup features a playful and bilingual design capped off with a
heart-shaped straw. A central figure reaches toward the sky, with the sun’s rays forming a bridge
between two hands. The scene is framed with agave plants and two little palm trees that recall
her early paintings.
“I wanted to play with text. On one part of the arm it says ‘hola,’ and on the other it says ‘hi.’ I
wanted to show duality that a lot of first-generation people feel, you can live both these things.
It’s part of who I am.”
Hispanic Heritage Month and beyond
In celebration of Hispanic Heritage Month, Starbucks is honoring the rich culture, contributions
and achievements of Hispanic and Latin American communities alongside its partner
(employee) network Hora Del Café, local communities and in our stores. Starbucks has always
been inspired by what matters most to our partners and is committed to leading meaningful
partner programing and community initiatives year-around. The company also supports
Hispanic and Latin American communities through partnerships and collaborations with Unidos
U.S., the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute (CHCI), and the National Association of Latino
Elected Officials (NALEO). Starbucks also supports El Centro de la Raza who recently received a
grant from The Starbucks Foundation to help support after school programs, financial literacy,
and healthcare navigation for Hispanic and Latin American communities in the Seattle-area.
Building a culture of inclusion
The Starbucks Foundation uplifts communities from around the world. With more than $20
million invested globally this past year, The Starbucks Foundation supports nonprofit
organizations in partnership with Starbucks partners and others with shared commitment and
belief in stronger, more equitable communities.
Share This Article
Starbucks ALL.IN. community-service
initiative is ‘us at our best’
By Michael Ko • July 24, 2023 • 2 min read
SHARE
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share in email
Starbucks Partner Networks will host 23 events in 2023 to address food scarcity, health and
education across the country.
In the spring of 2020, with the country locked down by the COVID-19 pandemic and raw
following a series of racially charged shootings, Roz Brewer, who was then Starbucks chief
operating officer, empowered the Starbucks Black Partner Network (BPN) to think about
impactful ways Starbucks could show up for the community.
Troy James, a licensed store district manager and BPN leader in New Orleans at the time, took
the call to heart. He pulled together the connections he had and led a community resource
distribution event that summer, passing out back-to-school kits, boxes of food and sanitizing
supplies.
“Reflecting on that period, there was widespread fear and anger; everyone felt trapped in this
seminal moment in time,” recalls James, now a manager with Starbucks Inclusion and Diversity
team. “The concept of hosting an event to encourage and unite people was compelling, so we
engaged.”
That drive sparked a collaboration between Starbucks Partner Networks, licensed and
company-operated stores, nonprofits, food banks and government agencies. It’s been
transformed into a block-party format – the blueprint for a nationwide Starbucks co-created
community-service initiative called ALL.IN.
In 2023, Starbucks will host 23 ALL.IN. events. The series known as “23 in 23” kicked off in New
Orleans, followed by Las Vegas and Albuquerque, New Mexico. On July 29, Starbucks hosted
seven simultaneous events in Seattle; Tucson, Arizona; Denver; Kansas City, Missouri; Atlanta;
Mobile, Alabama and Buffalo, New York.
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
Starbucks partners join with local organizations in New Orleans to distribute back-to-school
supplies.
SEATTLE, WASH.
The Seattle event was held at the Starbucks Support Center with community partners Seattle
Seahawks and Big Brothers and Big Sisters of Puget Sound.
MOBILE, ALA.
ALL.IN. Events are led by Starbucks partners and Starbucks Partner Networks.
KANSAS CITY, MO.
In each city, Starbucks partnered with non-profits, such as Start at Zero in Kansas City.
BUFFALO, N.Y.
Licensee and corporate partners such as Target helped distribute supplies.
ATLANTA, GA.
The distribution events focused on food scarcity, health and well-being and education.
DENVER, COLO.
Each event was designed to feel like a street fair or block party.
LOS ANGELES, CALIF.
Volunteering alongside non-profit Sisters of Watts, 310 Starbucks partners helped give away
1,000 pairs of shoes and 2,500 backpacks.
In August, events will take place in Los Angeles; Tacoma, Washington; Portland, Oregon; St.
Louis; Charlotte, North Carolina; San Diego; Dallas; Milwaukee; Detroit; Houston; Chicago,
Washington D.C. and the New York Metro area.
“It’s a wonderful story of opportunity for our partners, for our communities, and for our brand to
live into our mission statement,” James says. “Each city is going to write their own chapter. Each
city has a fascinating story.”
Through ALL.IN., Starbucks local leaders bring together coalitions to address needs around food
scarcity, health and well-being and education in their respective communities. Meanwhile, the
events provide leadership and personal and professional development opportunities. Each event
is locally driven and built with the participation of retail partners, a local non-profit organization,
Starbucks Partner Networks and community business partners.
The Seattle event was held at the Starbucks Support Center with community partners Seattle
Seahawks and Big Brothers and Big Sisters of Puget Sound. Backpacks, school supplies,
laptops, Wi-Fi hotspot devices and other items were distributed to school-age youth and their
families or guardians. Other services were also provided, including health screenings, job
placement and training support.
Since 2020 – at 30 previous ALL.IN. events across the country – 23,000 people have been
served, 22,000 backpacks donated and 90,000 pounds of food distributed. Licensee partners
including Target and Kroger and various nonprofits, such as the Boys and Girls Clubs of
America, have donated a combined $721,000 worth of goods and services. And Starbucks
partners have volunteered more than 4,400 combined community service hours.
“While our focus may be on giving away backpacks and preparing families for back-to-school,
it's also a vessel for delivering hope, care, and a sincere wish for people to experience a better
day," James says. “I’m hoping that partners and customers and the community can experience
that at our events. This is human connection, this is grassroots, this is us working together
intentionally. This is us at our best.”
Starbucks ALL.IN. community-service
initiative is ‘us at our best’
By Michael Ko • July 24, 2023 • 2 min read
SHARE
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share in email
Starbucks Partner Networks will host 23 events in 2023 to address food scarcity, health and
education across the country.
In the spring of 2020, with the country locked down by the COVID-19 pandemic and raw
following a series of racially charged shootings, Roz Brewer, who was then Starbucks chief
operating officer, empowered the Starbucks Black Partner Network (BPN) to think about
impactful ways Starbucks could show up for the community.
Troy James, a licensed store district manager and BPN leader in New Orleans at the time, took
the call to heart. He pulled together the connections he had and led a community resource
distribution event that summer, passing out back-to-school kits, boxes of food and sanitizing
supplies.
“Reflecting on that period, there was widespread fear and anger; everyone felt trapped in this
seminal moment in time,” recalls James, now a manager with Starbucks Inclusion and Diversity
team. “The concept of hosting an event to encourage and unite people was compelling, so we
engaged.”
That drive sparked a collaboration between Starbucks Partner Networks, licensed and
company-operated stores, nonprofits, food banks and government agencies. It’s been
transformed into a block-party format – the blueprint for a nationwide Starbucks co-created
community-service initiative called ALL.IN.
In 2023, Starbucks will host 23 ALL.IN. events. The series known as “23 in 23” kicked off in New
Orleans, followed by Las Vegas and Albuquerque, New Mexico. On July 29, Starbucks hosted
seven simultaneous events in Seattle; Tucson, Arizona; Denver; Kansas City, Missouri; Atlanta;
Mobile, Alabama and Buffalo, New York.
NEW ORLEANS, LA.
Starbucks partners join with local organizations in New Orleans to distribute back-to-school
supplies.
SEATTLE, WASH.
The Seattle event was held at the Starbucks Support Center with community partners Seattle
Seahawks and Big Brothers and Big Sisters of Puget Sound.
MOBILE, ALA.
ALL.IN. Events are led by Starbucks partners and Starbucks Partner Networks.
KANSAS CITY, MO.
In each city, Starbucks partnered with non-profits, such as Start at Zero in Kansas City.
BUFFALO, N.Y.
Licensee and corporate partners such as Target helped distribute supplies.
ATLANTA, GA.
The distribution events focused on food scarcity, health and well-being and education.
DENVER, COLO.
Each event was designed to feel like a street fair or block party.
LOS ANGELES, CALIF.
Volunteering alongside non-profit Sisters of Watts, 310 Starbucks partners helped give away
1,000 pairs of shoes and 2,500 backpacks.
In August, events will take place in Los Angeles; Tacoma, Washington; Portland, Oregon; St.
Louis; Charlotte, North Carolina; San Diego; Dallas; Milwaukee; Detroit; Houston; Chicago,
Washington D.C. and the New York Metro area.
“It’s a wonderful story of opportunity for our partners, for our communities, and for our brand to
live into our mission statement,” James says. “Each city is going to write their own chapter. Each
city has a fascinating story.”
Through ALL.IN., Starbucks local leaders bring together coalitions to address needs around food
scarcity, health and well-being and education in their respective communities. Meanwhile, the
events provide leadership and personal and professional development opportunities. Each event
is locally driven and built with the participation of retail partners, a local non-profit organization,
Starbucks Partner Networks and community business partners.
The Seattle event was held at the Starbucks Support Center with community partners Seattle
Seahawks and Big Brothers and Big Sisters of Puget Sound. Backpacks, school supplies,
laptops, Wi-Fi hotspot devices and other items were distributed to school-age youth and their
families or guardians. Other services were also provided, including health screenings, job
placement and training support.
Since 2020 – at 30 previous ALL.IN. events across the country – 23,000 people have been
served, 22,000 backpacks donated and 90,000 pounds of food distributed. Licensee partners
including Target and Kroger and various nonprofits, such as the Boys and Girls Clubs of
America, have donated a combined $721,000 worth of goods and services. And Starbucks
partners have volunteered more than 4,400 combined community service hours.
“While our focus may be on giving away backpacks and preparing families for back-to-school,
it's also a vessel for delivering hope, care, and a sincere wish for people to experience a better
day," James says. “I’m hoping that partners and customers and the community can experience
that at our events. This is human connection, this is grassroots, this is us working together
intentionally. This is us at our best.”
Share This Article
Starbucks and the LeBron James Family
Foundation Bring Community Together at
Dedication for First-Of-Its-Kind
Community Store
July 20, 2023 • 3 min read
SHARE
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share in email
Above: Store partners participate in a ribbon cutting ceremony as part of the
LeBron James Family Foundation Community Store dedication.
On July 19, the LeBron James Family Foundation Starbucks first-of-its-kind
Community Store located inside House Three Thirty in Akron, Ohio hosted a
store dedication ceremony with remarks from Starbucks Regional Director of
Licensed Store Operations Demetrius Chapman, Akron Mayor Dan Horrigan,
incoming Akron Mayor Shammas Malik along with House Three Thirty’s first
Community Conversation with Assistant Store Manager, D’Onjai White, LeBron
James Family Foundation Executive Director Michele Campbell, Gloria James
and Akron community members.
Starbucks Regional Director of Licensed Store Operations Demetrius Chapman
speaks to Akron community members.
Operated inside House Three Thirty and led by local store partners, also
known as House 330 team members, this Starbucks is the first-ever licensed
Starbucks Community Store in Ohio and has been a cornerstone of
connection in the neighborhood since it opened on March 30. Starbucks
Community Stores across the country focus on helping provide economic
opportunity in rural and urban communities through local hiring, partnerships
with local artists and nonprofits, and intentional dedicated space for
communities to come together for events.
Assistant Store Manager, D’Onjai White with store partner Ciara.
“We’re incredibly excited to see the positive response our store has received
from the community since we opened our doors. Our Team Members have
been working hard to provide a unique, We Are Family experience to every
single visitor and we see today as another celebration of that,” said Starbucks
assistant store manager, D’Onjai White. “It means the world to us to see
people coming here every morning, and for us to be able to serve them in this
special space. We’ve already seen the impact this location is having and look
forward to reaching even more of our community members.”
With this first model of Starbucks Community Store, all profits go back to the
LeBron James Family Foundation, and are invested directly back into the
community. The store features art from a local Ohio artist, Terran Washington,
and provides intentional programming, job training and experiences that
support economic opportunity within Akron while creating pathways to
opportunity for Starbucks partners.
Community Store partners taking part in the store dedication with community
members.
The experience has been life-changing for local store partners, all of whom are
I PROMISE students, parents, teachers, and other family members who have
received job training through a reimagined program that provides retail
industry training with an emphasis on essential life skills.
Gloria James wears her ceremonial green apron while speaking on a panel
about the Community’s Store impact in the community.
Supporting Students, Supporting Families
The day prior to the dedication, Starbucks, in partnership with the LeBron
James Family Foundation, hosted another community event where volunteers
organized donations from a back-to-school supply drive hosted in support of I
PROMISE School students and families.
Local Starbucks partners, House 330, and I Promise staff volunteered to
organize more than 500 donated notebooks, pencil, crayons, glue sticks, and
scissors for students. They helped put together attire kits for staff and
incoming students and supported school cleanup projects including
landscaping and trash cleanup, classroom schools staff lounge cleanup.
Volunteers at the back-to-school supply drive.
"We're excited to see the impact our Starbucks Community Store is already
having in the Akron community from our Team Members that work there to
each and every customer that walks through the door. Through our unique job
training, we're setting our Team Members up to be in charge of their futures
while learning hands-on skills and serving their community in a whole new
way,” said Michele Campbell, LeBron James Family Foundation Executive
Director. “We’ve already seen this location become a key part of peoples’ daily
lives, and we’re excited for that to continue and grow.”
Since the beginning, Starbucks has recognized a responsibility to strengthen
communities it serves, led by partners who know their neighborhoods best.
Together with the LeBron James Family Foundation, Starbucks is investing in
Akron and the partners that make their community so special.
Since it opened in March, House Three Thirty has hosted numerous
community events and experiences that support economic opportunity. With a
variety of offerings in dining, retail, entertainment, arts and mentorship, House
Three Thirty was designed to provide life-changing opportunities while
bringing the entire community together for unique and enriching experiences.
The local volunteer event and store dedication are the first of a series of
community conversations that will be hosted inside House Three Thirty as
part of ongoing programming.
Military Appreciation Month and beyond:
Starbucks commitment to serving those
who serve
May 04, 2023 • 5 min read
SHARE
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share in email
Every day, Starbucks works to enhance the well-being of every community it serves through
actions and programs rooted in opportunity and inclusion. Investments in military partners
(employees) -- and every Starbucks partner – is grounded in the belief that Starbucks is at its
best when uplifting one another with dignity, respect, and kindness.
Starbucks is honoring and recognizing those who serve this Military Appreciation Month
through:
Benefits that serve the military community
Building a network of Military Family Stores
Fostering connections and circles of support for our military communities
Partnerships with veteran organizations
Year-round commitment to the military community
Finding camaraderie, earning a college degree
Eric Savary loved his time in the U.S. Marine Corps. He felt proud of serving his country and
reveled in the camaraderie he felt with his team. He had joined the military in 2003, only a few
years after 9/11 and “there’s definitely a sense of pride in serving during that time.” He served as
an infantryman and later a mechanic and was deployed to Iraq and a number of other locations,
but, after 12 years, he found himself at a crossroads. He’d gotten orders to go to West Coast –
while his son, Dominic, then 5 years old, lived in York, Pennsylvania, where Savary had grown up.
Not wanting to be apart from him any longer, he chose to end his career in the military and move
home. “It was a tough decision,” he said, “but it was go to California or go and be close to my
son, so I chose the latter.”
“I try to be my best self and help where I can help with others and family and everything else,”
said Savary.
Before he transitioned out, he started looking for a civilian job and, despite having been a staff
sergeant E-6 with many years of mechanical experience working on helicopters, he had trouble
finding a job that valued the skills he learned in the military. “I talked to other guys who got out
around that time and some of them were having trouble finding jobs. I got out and I had no idea.
I had no safety net.” It’s a situation all too common for veterans – and one of the reasons that
Starbucks has a hiring commitment to help support veterans and military spouses as well as
partnerships with organizations that help veterans transition to civilian life.
One day, Savary got a call from another veteran about a job at the Starbucks York Roasting
Plant, applied and started working there. He’s now the third shift maintenance supervisor.
“Going to Starbucks, it was great,” he said. “… Starbucks has done a lot for me and my family.”
This month, Savary will be graduating with a bachelor’s degree in operations management from
Arizona State University, through the Starbucks College Achievement Plan, a partnership with
ASU that provides full tuition coverage for eligible Starbucks partners.
These days, Savary’s family includes his wife, Shara, sons Dominic and Kohan, and his daughter,
Rayna. Working overnight allows him to be home in time to help get the kids off to school and
daycare and then he goes to bed and wakes around the time they get home from school, he
said.
Whether he’s with his family or with his team at work, Savary said he values being able to be a
support for others, just as he did during his time in the military. “I try to be my best self and help
where I can help with others and family and everything else,” he said.
He’s found again some of that camaraderie he felt in the Marines with other veterans he works
with at the plant and other partners. He credits his military foundation for helping hone his work
ethic and commitment to be there for others. “I try to be present with the team, and to try to
understand what frustrations they have and stuff that affects them outside of work. We
understand this is work, but you’re also human. [If someone] has something going on in their
personal life, to be mindful of that and follow up with them. The biggest thing is just to be
present with them and to be around.”
Benefits that serve the military community
Starbucks partners who are military veterans can extend the Starbucks College
Achievement Plan benefit to a qualified family member for 100% tuition coverage for a
first-time bachelor’s degree.
For members of the U.S. National Guard and Reserve, Starbucks provides up to 80 hours
of annual military leave with full pay to support annual training obligations.
When partners are called to active duty, Starbucks pays the difference between their
Starbucks wages and military wages for up to 78 weeks.
When service members relocate with a permanent station change, Starbucks assists
military families with the job-transfer process to locations across the United States.
The Starbucks Armed Forces Network, created and led by veterans, offers resources and
support to transitioning service members and their families.
Building a network of Military Family Stores
At the new Military Family store at Yellow Springs in Frederick, Maryland, its mission is proudly
declared in bold letters for all who enter, “This store is dedicated to people united by their
courage to serve our country.” The Frederick Military Family Store is one of more than 100
Starbucks Military Family Stores across the country that serve as a hub for active service
members, veterans, families and community. They also help advance veteran causes, accelerate
the hiring of veteran and military spouses and bridge the civilian-military divide. Through
partnerships with veteran service organizations, Military Family Stores link local veterans and
their families to important resources, services and shared community.
At the dedication, district manager Tilley McMullen was presented the prestigious Patriot Award,
a Department of Defense award presented to civilian employers of U.S. National Guard and
Reserve service members for her support of during their training duties and possible
deployments.
“It was a humbling experience to receive an award for what feels like just doing my job. I was
honored to accept it on behalf of my team and look forward to having the opportunity to support
even more military members and spouses through our first Military Family Store here in
Frederick, Maryland. It’s a privilege to support our partners who have volunteered to serve our
nation,” said McMullen.
This month, Starbucks will host three more Military Family Store dedications to bring together
the community and celebrate their commitment to military families in Arden Hills, Minnesota;
Warrensburg, Missouri; and Sumter, South Carolina.
Fostering connection and circles of support for our military communities
During Military Appreciation Month, Starbucks will partner with Operation Gratitude and Blue
Star Families on a Starbucks eGift Card to drive donations to uplift military and veteran families.
Specifically, for every Starbucks eGift Card in the Military Appreciation Month category sold
between May 1-31, Starbucks will donate $5 to be divided evenly between the two organizations.
In addition, as part of Starbucks longstanding partnership with veteran service organizations,
the company is encouraging partners to engage in programming offered through both Blue
Stars Families and Operation Gratitude as well as attend events hosting by the Starbucks Armed
Forces Network throughout Military Appreciation Month.
This May, Blue Star Families is hosting 60 Military Spouse Appreciation Events in Starbucks
stores in 25 U.S. states and Germany. Members of Blue Star Families will have the opportunity
to nominate a military spouse to receive a $10 Starbucks eGift Card, as part of Starbucks and
Blue Star Families’ “Thanks a Latte” giveaway.
Veteran Service Organizations by the numbers
To date, Starbucks has impacted 900,000+ veterans, military spouses and military communities
through veteran service organizations (VSOs).
26,000+ military families supported in partnership with Blue Star Families.
200,000 veterans and supporters participating in programming and events to build a
healthy lifestyle in their communities in partnership with Team Red, White & Blue.
16,000+ veterans deployed in service in partnership with The Mission Continues.
625,000+ helped in partnership with Operations Gratitude.
Year-round support for the military community
While Military Appreciation Month is just one month out of the year, Starbucks commitment to
support the military community is a year-round effort:
Hiring veterans and military spouses: In fiscal year 2022, 4,580 veterans and military
spouses across Starbucks roles in the United States.
Offering partner benefits specifically for active-duty military and military families: This
includes military service pay which provides up to 80 hours of pay each year when
National Guard or Reserve service obligations take them away from their work with the
company.
Supporting nonprofit organizations: This includes Blue Star Families, which help foster
connections in over 200 military communities nationwide and Operation Gratitude, to
which Starbucks has donated more than 5,000 comfort items to our veterans and
caregivers in military treatment facilities nationwide.
Donating coffee to veteran and military communities: This includes more than 6.8 million
cups in fiscal year 2022.
More about how Starbucks supports the military community can be found in Starbucks Annual
Global Environmental Social Impact Report (GESI).
What’s inside a Greener Store?
April 17, 2023 • 4 min read
SHARE
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share in email
A Starbucks store is certified as a “Greener Store” when it successfully meets 25 required
standards, as verified by an outside auditor, across eight environmental impact areas such as
energy efficiency, water stewardship and waste diversion. The standards were developed in
partnership with the World Wildlife Fund and SCS Global Services.
“The Greener Stores journey is truly a Starbucks-wide effort, from our store designers and
construction teams to software developers who ensure we can collect sustainability data on a
global scale to our store partners (employees) who encourage customers to use reusable cups
or Grounds for Your Garden,” says Grace Yoo, Starbucks Greener Stores global program
manager.
“Most of them look no different from any other Starbucks store,” Yoo says, “but there are
Greener Stores quietly opening and operating all throughout the world, with unglamorous details
like energy-efficient dishwashers, water-saving faucets, and carefully thought-out waste
diversion signage to help do our part in mitigating the effects of climate change.”
As of April 2023, Starbucks has certified more than 3,500 Greener Stores in the U.S. and
Canada. This month, 88 Greener Stores were certified in 18 additional markets around the world,
such as Argentina, Vietnam and the United Kingdom. Starbucks goal is to certify 10,000 Greener
Stores around the world by 2025.
Table of Contents:
Water Stewardship
Partner Engagement
Energy Efficiency
Waste Diversion
Renewable Energy
Responsible Materials
Sites and Communities
What makes a Greener Store?
Water Stewardship
At the 2023 Greener Store of the Year in Los Angeles, Starbucks is piloting a water-reclamation
project that takes the residual moisture from the store’s ice machine and water-filtration system
– that would normally flow into the sewer – and diverts it instead into four 55-gallon storage
tanks. Every time the store’s toilet flushes, it uses water from those tanks.
The store has reclaimed about 2,500 gallons of water from January through March 2023, and is
using about 27 gallons per day, on average, of reclaimed water to flush the toilets.
“Out West, in an area where water usage and water rights dominate the headlines, we’re
stepping up and trying to help with the problem,” says Matt Robitaille, Starbucks construction
program manager who helped design, build and install the system.
Partner Engagement
For more than a year, Becca Rollins, store manager in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, has used a
reusable cup every day at her store. She knits reusable-cup cozies for her store partners and
regular customers, and encourages a back-of-house competition for each partner to track their
reusable cup use. Last fall, she even presented a letter to regular customers Russ and Sally, a
retired couple who bring their own cups and silverware every time they visit, for being
sustainable customers. She estimates they’ve saved 1,500 single-use items from the landfill.
She’s also an advocate in her district for the Grounds For Your Garden program.

“About a year ago, I started taking some things a little more seriously as far as imprint and
making planet-positive decisions,” Rollins says. “It’s easy to feel overwhelmed in this world by
everything that goes on. Just focus on the most good that you can do. It matters.”
Energy Efficiency
Greener Store practices have helped Starbucks save almost $60 million in annual operating
costs in the U.S., including 30 percent water savings and 25 percent energy reduction when
compared to historic store practices. These include efforts such as retrofitting store lighting to
LEDs; installing more energy-efficient appliances like Advansys dishwashers and ENERGY STAR
certified batch-type ice makers; and standardizing energy-use schedules and heating/cooling
temperatures.

Waste Diversion
Despite challenges to implementation, such as differing rules and availability in each city and
town, Starbucks recycles in more than 8,000 company-operated stores across the U.S. More
than 3,000 have both recycling and compost services. In Greener Stores, the goal is to align the
different rules around waste in each municipality with the workflow and best practices inside
each store. That means clear signage around what items go in what bin; the use of an internal
Recycling App that sets clear expectations around what things are picked up and when; and
locating waste receptables where they can be most efficient – for example, putting a compost
bin next to the warming ovens to catch all the parchment paper used to heat up food.

Being smart and efficient about waste can help Starbucks direct less waste to landfills, says
Pete Schultze, a district manager in the San Francisco Bay Area who has five Greener Stores in
his portfolio. “Taking care of the environment and sustainability, it’s important to our partners,”
he says.
Renewable Energy
Greener Stores feature a number of renewable energy projects such as EV charging and onsite
solar that help mitigate greenhouse gas emissions and improve local air quality.
Responsible Materials
Starbucks Greener Stores limit the use of volatile organic compounds, such as paints, coating,
adhesives and sealants that can be harmful for the environment and degrade air quality. Other
requirements mean mercury-free lighting installed in stores, which increases light quality and
also helps eliminate harmful materials that could end up in landfills.
Starbucks is also starting work on an Embodied Carbon Initiative, which will measure, track and
assess the lifetime carbon emissions necessary to build, transport and eventually dispose of all
its equipment and building materials. The goal, says Jodie Clarke, senior project manager in
Global Store Development, is to create new standards, influence more earth friendly practices
throughout the supply chain and educate suppliers through a Starbucks Global Academy
sustainability course, that recently received positive recognition from the Biden administration.

Sites and Communities
One of the newly-certified international Greener Stores – in Antigua, Guatemala – is located
inside a preserved and restored UNESCO World Heritage site. The historic, courtyard-style
building uses local art, local furniture and local materials.
“We refurbished what was already there. We didn’t pour new concrete. We didn’t buy new steel,”
says Erica Saraff, senior project manager, Global Store Development-Sustainability. “It’s open-air,
so no HVAC system, which is a huge source of electricity use. Using local supplies also means
savings on transportation costs.”
Conclusion
“Everything that we’ve built into a Greener Store is a little step,” Saraff says. “When you’re talking
about one dishwasher, or one recycling bin, or one light fixture, that’s small. But we have
thousands of stores, and all those small things that you do - as a partner, as a customer - make
an impact because of our scale.
“If we’re all doing something better, it becomes a much bigger better.”
Share This Article
20 unique Starbucks destinations around
the world
May 11, 2023 • 7 min read
SHARE
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share in email
Are you longing for a little adventure? Perhaps you’d like to sip a cappuccino on the terrace in
Milan, or watch surfers catch the next wave in South Africa while enjoying your Starbucks Cold
Brew. This summer, ten lucky Starbucks Rewards members will win the grand prize of this year’s
Starbucks Summer Game – the Starbucks Adventure of a Lifetime – a five-night, all expenses
paid trip for two to visit a city that hosts one of the most unique Starbucks stores in the world.
Where are you booking your ticket?
Africa
Muizenberg Beach – Muizenberg, South Africa

On the shores of Cape Town is the beachside hamlet of Muizenberg, South Africa. Customers
can enjoy the town’s laid back vibe from the Muizenberg store while watching the sunset over
the beach through the store’s glazed façade, as well as the ocean-inspired Siren artwork and bar.
Asia
Carter Road – Mumbai, India
The Carter Road store in Mumbai, India – where all the seating is outdoors – offers an exquisite
alfresco sipping environment. The café, located in the coastal suburb of Bandra, is surrounded
by lush plants and palm trees. It’s the perfect spot to enjoy the ocean breezes from the Arabian
Sea and watch the world zip by on the nearby the seaside promenade.
Starbucks Dewata Coffee Experience – Bali, Indonesia
A one-of-a-kind experience in the Asia Pacific coffee-growing region, the Starbucks Dewata
Coffee Experience in Bali, Indonesia offers an exploration into the world of Indonesian coffee.
Right through the front door is a terrace filled with Arabica coffee trees, which then opens into
interconnected spaces where visitors are invited to rake coffee beans or try coffee bean
de-pulping and washing during harvest seasons. This immersive coffee sanctuary, which first
opened its doors in 2019, features a new Coffee Experience Center where customers can learn
about the art and science behind sourcing, roasting, and brewing coffee – bringing the coffee
journey full circle from bean to cup.
Wadakura Fountain Park – Tokyo, Japan
In the Outer Gardens of Tokyo’s Imperial Palace lives the Wadakura Fountain Park store, which
serves as a hub to test and scale new sustainability strategies. Here, what’s old is new – with
repurposed materials that celebrate circularity from artwork created using recycled canvas and
fishing nets to floor tiles made from coffee grounds.
Starbucks Reserve® Chao Phraya Riverfront – Bangkok, Thailand
The Starbucks Reserve® Chao Phraya Riverfront store, in Thailand’s capital of Bangkok, serves
small-lot Starbucks Reserve coffees and Thailand’s own Muan Jai Blend. The store is the largest
Starbucks in the country and celebrates Thai culture with a mezzanine ceiling that features
beautifully crafted lanterns in a nod to the city’s Loy Krathong festival. The crowning jewel is the
outdoor terrace, which offers panoramic views of Bangkok’s skyline and the bustling Chao
Phraya River, also known as the “River of Kings.”
Central America and The Caribbean
Hacienda Alsacia - San Luis, Costa Rica
Located in San Luis, Sabanilla, Alajuela, off the slopes of the Poas volcano, this 240-hectare
farm has become Starbucks global agronomy headquarters. Arabica beans were first
introduced to Costa Rica in the 1700s, and today coffee is an important part of the country's
economy. To help ensure the future of coffee, the mission of Hacienda Alsacia is clear: Create
best practices to make growing coffee more profitable for small-scale farms; develop the next
generation of disease-resistant, high-quality coffee; and share information and resources freely
with farmers around the world. Tickets to experience the Hacienda Alsacia Visitor Center
include a 90-minute guided tour, coffee tastings, parking and a take-away bandana.
Blue Mall Punta Cana – Punta Cana, Dominican Republic
The first Starbucks location in Punta Cana, located at the Blue Mall Punta Cana, pays tribute to
the “Jewel of the Caribbean” by combining high-quality arabica coffee and a comfortable
atmosphere inspired by local culture with the convenience of Starbucks drive-thru service. The
store features murals painted by local artist, Ivanna Candelier, telling the story of Starbucks
bond with the Dominican land, the local people, and the magic of the coffee bean.
Grand Turks Cruise Terminal - Turks & Caicos
The Grand Turks Cruise Terminal store keeps the authentic Caribbean feel with its pink exterior
and light interior palette, creating a tropical theme. The back of the store features a mural,
hand-painted by artist Maria Camila Bernal Toro of Remedios Art, showing the Siren — a
Starbucks icon — with her double-tail bent underwater. The artist recreated the Siren to evoke
the same tranquility and pleasure so many travelers in the past were rumored to search for
among the Sea.
Europe
Boulevard des Capucines – Paris, France
In the heart of Paris lies the Boulevard des Capucines store, which has undergone extensive
design work to restore some of the building’s historic features. The original building and
courtyard date back to the 17th century, and two decades later it became an iconic department
store selling fabrics and textiles. Perfectly located near the beautiful Opéra Garnier in the centre
of Paris, it boasts one of the most enviable locations in Paris, and first opened its doors as a
Starbucks store in June 2006.
Starbucks Reserve® Roastery – Milan, Italy
In Milan, one of the global capitals of fashion and design, close to the famous Duomo di Milano
cathedral is the Starbucks Reserve® Roastery in Milan. Here, one can immerse in the world of
coffee, watch Master Roasters roast the small-batch coffees Starbucks Reserve® is known for,
and choose some beans from the scoop bar for the trip home. Cap off the visit with a
cappuccino at a café table in a bronze bird cage out on the terrace or an Aperol Spritz at the
marble-topped Arriviamo Bar.
Piazza Montecitorio – Rome, Italy
The first Starbucks location in Rome, this lively store overlooks Piazza Montecitorio,, the historic
and political heart of the ‘Eternal City’. Designed with travertine marble and tuff, typical of
traditional Roman Buildings, the store features chromatic tones mirror those used in Piazza
Montecitorio, in addition to dynamic artwork and a coffee bar inviting customers to take a seat
and experience Rome’s deep-rooted coffee culture.
Valletta Waterfront – Valletta, Malta
The Maltese capital of Valletta is known for its colorful doors, which for centuries stood as
beacons for sea traders crisscrossing the Mediterranean. Behind a lime green one lives the
Valletta Waterfront store in Floriana, the first Starbucks location in the island-state of Malta. The
store was designed to reflect Valletta’s heritage as a trading hub with wood, marble and dark,
sophisticated finishes that contrast with the lighter stone façade of the city’s iconic waterfront.
Tower Place – London, U.K.
In London, the Tower Place store has been carefully designed to champion handcrafted coffee
and celebrate coffee craft culture, complete with a dedicated space for the innovative Reserve
Bar where customers can experience the first Black Eagle coffee machine in the U.K. The
state-of-the-art machine provides customers with advanced customization options, such as
adjusting the bean ratio, brewing time and water temperature – all operated by highly skilled
baristas.
Middle East
Starbucks Reserve® Bluewaters Island – Dubai, UAE
On the shores of the Persian Gulf in the United Arab Emirates is the Starbucks Reserve®
Bluewaters Island in Dubai, which has the distinction of being the 1,000th Starbucks store in the
Middle East and North Africa region. The location, which features an eye-catching interior and
spectacular outdoor seating, welcomes visitors catching a ride on the nearby Ain Dubai
observation wheel.
North America
Rosemary Square - West Palm Beach, Florida
In Florida’s West Palm Beach is the Starbucks at Rosemary Square. This store offers a bright,
airy palette, and sweeping light fixtures overhead to the nuanced coral details on the outdoor
columns by the patio. A mural of the Starbucks Siren is front and center, providing customers
with a luxurious escape.
Starbucks Reserve® Roastery – Chicago, Illinois
The largest Starbucks in the world can be found on the famed Michigan Avenue – The
Starbucks Reserve® Roastery Chicago. Here, burlap bags of green (unroasted) Starbucks
Reserve beans are roasted and then piped to coffee bars located on each level where they are
crafted into beverages. Standing as the centerpiece of the roastery is a 56-foot steel cask (the
company’s tallest), a sculptural blend of form and function, where coffee beans go to rest and
de-gas after being roasted. The design celebrates coffee as an agricultural product, inspired by
misty green hills of coffee trees with rays of sun that radiate outward. The Starbucks Reserve®
Roastery Chicago is sure to exceed expectations in many ways — including the delicious,
eye-catching and Instagram-worthy beverages crafted and served throughout the building’s five
floors.
Starbucks Reserve® Empire State Building – New York City, New York
It’s the “World’s Most Famous Building” and has been an indelible part of New York’s skyline for
nearly a century. Perhaps there’s nothing that says New York more than the Empire State
Building. From the bustling sidewalk of Fifth Avenue, the Starbucks Reserve® Empire State
Building® store looks like it has been there since the beginning. It doesn’t have that familiar
green Siren logo, but an Art Deco façade with the words “Starbucks Reserve” crafted in vintage
aluminum lettering. The 23,000 square feet one-of-a-kind coffee destination that spans three
floors pays homage to the heritage of the Empire State Building and Starbucks history in New
York.
Starbucks Reserve® Roastery - Seattle, Washington
In December 2014, Starbucks opened its first-ever Starbucks Reserve® Roastery in Seattle’s
Capitol Hill neighborhood. Located just nine blocks from the original Pike Place Store, the
Seattle Roastery is an immersive expression of passion for coffee and invites customers to
experience coffee from bean to cup. It is the fulfillment of a decade-long dream — a homage to
Starbucks relentless pursuit of coffee innovation that creates the most immersive, sensory
demonstration of how Starbucks sources, roasts and crafts the finest coffee from around the
world.
South America
La Lucila – Buenos Aires, Argentina
What people first notice about the La Lucila store in bustling Buenos Aires is the impressive
exterior artwork that portrays two iconic Argentinian birds ─ the Cortarramas and the Gorrión ─
flying over a coffee plantation. Argentina’s national flower, the coral tree, is also represented in
the mural painted by Fio Silva. What’s also wonderful about the streetside art is that it can still
be enjoyed by customers ordering their favorite beverages on the go. La Lucila store is the first
Drive-Thru available in Argentina, meeting the needs of the Porteños, the people who inhabit the
bustling city of Buenos Aires.
Santos Dumont – Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
The Santos Dumont store is located inside Rio’s airport of the same name. Unlike other airport
stores that blend in with the architecture and style of the buildings they’re found in, this
particular Starbucks store stands out due to its minimalistic and beautiful design. The artwork
on the windows pays homage to the anniversary siren, while the bar’s woodwork is inspired by
Ipanema’s iconic sidewalks. The warm colors of the walls and finishes evoke Rio’s stunning
sunsets and sunrises, and the terrazzo flooring is reminiscent of the city’s beaches.
Share This Article